templates/adding_a_new_model/cookiecutter-template-{{cookiecutter.modelname}}/{{cookiecutter.lowercase_modelname}}.rst, before:

{{cookiecutter.uppercase_modelname}}
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Overview
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The {{cookiecutter.modelname}} model was proposed in `<INSERT PAPER NAME HERE>
<<INSERT PAPER LINK HERE>>`__  by <INSERT AUTHORS HERE>. <INSERT SHORT SUMMARY HERE>

The abstract from the paper is the following:

*<INSERT PAPER ABSTRACT HERE>*

Tips:

<INSERT TIPS ABOUT MODEL HERE>

{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}Config
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}Config
    :members:


{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}Tokenizer
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}Tokenizer
    :members: build_inputs_with_special_tokens, get_special_tokens_mask,
        create_token_type_ids_from_sequences, save_vocabulary


{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}TokenizerFast
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}TokenizerFast
    :members: build_inputs_with_special_tokens, get_special_tokens_mask,
        create_token_type_ids_from_sequences, save_vocabulary


{% if "PyTorch" in cookiecutter.generate_tensorflow_and_pytorch -%}
{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}Model
    :members: forward


{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForMaskedLM
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForMaskedLM
    :members: forward


{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForSequenceClassification
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForSequenceClassification
    :members: forward


{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForMultipleChoice
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForMultipleChoice
    :members:


{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForTokenClassification
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForTokenClassification
    :members: forward


{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForQuestionAnswering
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForQuestionAnswering
    :members: forward

{% endif -%}
{% if "TensorFlow" in cookiecutter.generate_tensorflow_and_pytorch -%}

TF{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.TF{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}Model
    :members: call


TF{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForMaskedLM
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.TF{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForMaskedLM
    :members: call


TF{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForSequenceClassification
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.TF{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForSequenceClassification
    :members: call


TF{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForMultipleChoice
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.TF{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForMultipleChoice
    :members: call


TF{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForTokenClassification
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.TF{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForTokenClassification
    :members: call


TF{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForQuestionAnswering
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.TF{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForQuestionAnswering
    :members: call


{% endif -%}

Commit message:

Copyright (#8970)
* Add copyright everywhere missing

* Style

templates/adding_a_new_model/cookiecutter-template-{{cookiecutter.modelname}}/{{cookiecutter.lowercase_modelname}}.rst, after:

.. 
    Copyright 2020 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
    an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

{{cookiecutter.uppercase_modelname}}
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Overview
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The {{cookiecutter.modelname}} model was proposed in `<INSERT PAPER NAME HERE>
<<INSERT PAPER LINK HERE>>`__  by <INSERT AUTHORS HERE>. <INSERT SHORT SUMMARY HERE>

The abstract from the paper is the following:

*<INSERT PAPER ABSTRACT HERE>*

Tips:

<INSERT TIPS ABOUT MODEL HERE>

{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}Config
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}Config
    :members:


{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}Tokenizer
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}Tokenizer
    :members: build_inputs_with_special_tokens, get_special_tokens_mask,
        create_token_type_ids_from_sequences, save_vocabulary


{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}TokenizerFast
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}TokenizerFast
    :members: build_inputs_with_special_tokens, get_special_tokens_mask,
        create_token_type_ids_from_sequences, save_vocabulary


{% if "PyTorch" in cookiecutter.generate_tensorflow_and_pytorch -%}
{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}Model
    :members: forward


{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForMaskedLM
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForMaskedLM
    :members: forward


{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForSequenceClassification
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForSequenceClassification
    :members: forward


{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForMultipleChoice
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForMultipleChoice
    :members:


{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForTokenClassification
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForTokenClassification
    :members: forward


{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForQuestionAnswering
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForQuestionAnswering
    :members: forward

{% endif -%}
{% if "TensorFlow" in cookiecutter.generate_tensorflow_and_pytorch -%}

TF{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.TF{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}Model
    :members: call


TF{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForMaskedLM
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.TF{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForMaskedLM
    :members: call


TF{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForSequenceClassification
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.TF{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForSequenceClassification
    :members: call


TF{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForMultipleChoice
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.TF{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForMultipleChoice
    :members: call


TF{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForTokenClassification
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.TF{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForTokenClassification
    :members: call


TF{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForQuestionAnswering
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.TF{{cookiecutter.camelcase_modelname}}ForQuestionAnswering
    :members: call


{% endif -%}
