examples/pytorch/image-classification/README.md, before:

<!---
Copyright 2021 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
-->

# Image classification examples

This directory contains 2 scripts that showcase how to fine-tune any model supported by the [`AutoModelForImageClassification` API](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/model_doc/auto#transformers.AutoModelForImageClassification) (such as [ViT](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/model_doc/vit), [ConvNeXT](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/model_doc/convnext), [ResNet](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/model_doc/resnet), [Swin Transformer](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/model_doc/swin)...) using PyTorch. They can be used to fine-tune models on both [datasets from the hub](#using-datasets-from-hub) as well as on [your own custom data](#using-your-own-data).

<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/image_classification_inference_widget.png" height="400" />

Try out the inference widget here: https://huggingface.co/google/vit-base-patch16-224

Content:
- [PyTorch version, Trainer](#pytorch-version-no-trainer)
- [PyTorch version, no Trainer](#pytorch-version-trainer)

## PyTorch version, Trainer

Based on the script [`run_image_classification.py`](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/blob/main/examples/pytorch/image-classification/run_image_classification.py).

The script leverages the 🤗 [Trainer API](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main_classes/trainer) to automatically take care of the training for you, running on distributed environments right away.

### Using datasets from Hub

Here we show how to fine-tune a Vision Transformer (`ViT`) on the [beans](https://huggingface.co/datasets/beans) dataset, to classify the disease type of bean leaves.

```bash
python run_image_classification.py \
    --dataset_name beans \
    --output_dir ./beans_outputs/ \
    --remove_unused_columns False \
    --do_train \
    --do_eval \
    --push_to_hub \
    --push_to_hub_model_id vit-base-beans \
    --learning_rate 2e-5 \
    --num_train_epochs 5 \
    --per_device_train_batch_size 8 \
    --per_device_eval_batch_size 8 \
    --logging_strategy steps \
    --logging_steps 10 \
    --evaluation_strategy epoch \
    --save_strategy epoch \
    --load_best_model_at_end True \
    --save_total_limit 3 \
    --seed 1337
```

👀 See the results here: [nateraw/vit-base-beans](https://huggingface.co/nateraw/vit-base-beans).

Note that you can replace the model and dataset by simply setting the `model_name_or_path` and `dataset_name` arguments respectively, with any model or dataset from the [hub](https://huggingface.co/). For an overview of all possible arguments, we refer to the [docs](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main_classes/trainer#transformers.TrainingArguments) of the `TrainingArguments`, which can be passed as flags.

### Using your own data

To use your own dataset, there are 2 ways: 
- you can either provide your own folders as `--train_dir` and/or `--validation_dir` arguments
- you can upload your dataset to the hub (possibly as a private repo, if you prefer so), and simply pass the `--dataset_name` argument.

Below, we explain both in more detail.

#### Provide them as folders

If you provide your own folders with images, the script expects the following directory structure:

```bash
root/dog/xxx.png
root/dog/xxy.png
root/dog/[...]/xxz.png

root/cat/123.png
root/cat/nsdf3.png
root/cat/[...]/asd932_.png
```

In other words, you need to organize your images in subfolders, based on their class. You can then run the script like this:

```bash
python run_image_classification.py \
    --train_dir <path-to-train-root> \
    --output_dir ./outputs/ \
    --remove_unused_columns False \
    --do_train \
    --do_eval
```

Internally, the script will use the [`ImageFolder`](https://huggingface.co/docs/datasets/v2.0.0/en/image_process#imagefolder) feature which will automatically turn the folders into 🤗 Dataset objects.

##### 💡 The above will split the train dir into training and evaluation sets
  - To control the split amount, use the `--train_val_split` flag.
  - To provide your own validation split in its own directory, you can pass the `--validation_dir <path-to-val-root>` flag.

#### Upload your data to the hub, as a (possibly private) repo

It's very easy (and convenient) to upload your image dataset to the hub using the [`ImageFolder`](https://huggingface.co/docs/datasets/v2.0.0/en/image_process#imagefolder) feature available in 🤗 Datasets. Simply do the following:

```python
from datasets import load_dataset

# example 1: local folder
dataset = load_dataset("imagefolder", data_dir="path_to_your_folder")

# example 2: local files (suppoted formats are tar, gzip, zip, xz, rar, zstd)
dataset = load_dataset("imagefolder", data_files="path_to_zip_file")

# example 3: remote files (suppoted formats are tar, gzip, zip, xz, rar, zstd)
dataset = load_dataset("imagefolder", data_files="https://download.microsoft.com/download/3/E/1/3E1C3F21-ECDB-4869-8368-6DEBA77B919F/kagglecatsanddogs_3367a.zip")

# example 4: providing several splits
dataset = load_dataset("imagefolder", data_files={"train": ["path/to/file1", "path/to/file2"], "test": ["path/to/file3", "path/to/file4"]})
```

`ImageFolder` will create a `label` column, and the label name is based on the directory name.

Next, push it to the hub!

```python
# assuming you have ran the huggingface-cli login command in a terminal
dataset.push_to_hub("name_of_your_dataset")

# if you want to push to a private repo, simply pass private=True:
dataset.push_to_hub("name_of_your_dataset", private=True)
```

and that's it! You can now train your model by simply setting the `--dataset_name` argument to the name of your dataset on the hub (as explained in [Using datasets from the 🤗 hub](#using-datasets-from-hub)).

More on this can also be found in [this blog post](https://huggingface.co/blog/image-search-datasets).

### Sharing your model on 🤗 Hub

0. If you haven't already, [sign up](https://huggingface.co/join) for a 🤗 account

1. Make sure you have `git-lfs` installed and git set up.

```bash
$ apt install git-lfs
$ git config --global user.email "you@example.com"
$ git config --global user.name "Your Name"
```

2. Log in with your HuggingFace account credentials using `huggingface-cli`:

```bash
$ huggingface-cli login
# ...follow the prompts
```

3. When running the script, pass the following arguments:

```bash
python run_image_classification.py \
    --push_to_hub \
    --push_to_hub_model_id <name-your-model> \
    ...
```

## PyTorch version, no Trainer

Based on the script [`run_image_classification_no_trainer.py`](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/blob/main/examples/pytorch/image-classification/run_image_classification_no_trainer.py).

Like `run_image_classification.py`, this script allows you to fine-tune any of the models on the [hub](https://huggingface.co/models) on an image classification task. The main difference is that this script exposes the bare training loop, to allow you to quickly experiment and add any customization you would like.

It offers less options than the script with `Trainer` (for instance you can easily change the options for the optimizer
or the dataloaders directly in the script) but still run in a distributed setup, and supports mixed precision by
the means of the [🤗 `Accelerate`](https://github.com/huggingface/accelerate) library. You can use the script normally
after installing it:

```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/huggingface/accelerate
```

You can then use your usual launchers to run in it in a distributed environment, but the easiest way is to run

```bash
accelerate config
```

and reply to the questions asked. Then

```bash
accelerate test
```

that will check everything is ready for training. Finally, you can launch training with

```bash
accelerate launch run_image_classification_trainer.py
```

This command is the same and will work for:

- single/multiple CPUs
- single/multiple GPUs
- TPUs

Note that this library is in alpha release so your feedback is more than welcome if you encounter any problem using it.

Regarding using custom data with this script, we refer to [using your own data](#using-your-own-data).

Commit message:

Improve mismatched sizes management when loading a pretrained model (#17257)
- Add --ignore_mismatched_sizes argument to classification examples

- Expand the error message when loading a model whose head dimensions are different from expected dimensions

examples/pytorch/image-classification/README.md, after:

<!---
Copyright 2021 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
-->

# Image classification examples

This directory contains 2 scripts that showcase how to fine-tune any model supported by the [`AutoModelForImageClassification` API](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/model_doc/auto#transformers.AutoModelForImageClassification) (such as [ViT](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/model_doc/vit), [ConvNeXT](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/model_doc/convnext), [ResNet](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/model_doc/resnet), [Swin Transformer](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/model_doc/swin)...) using PyTorch. They can be used to fine-tune models on both [datasets from the hub](#using-datasets-from-hub) as well as on [your own custom data](#using-your-own-data).

<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/image_classification_inference_widget.png" height="400" />

Try out the inference widget here: https://huggingface.co/google/vit-base-patch16-224

Content:
- [PyTorch version, Trainer](#pytorch-version-no-trainer)
- [PyTorch version, no Trainer](#pytorch-version-trainer)

## PyTorch version, Trainer

Based on the script [`run_image_classification.py`](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/blob/main/examples/pytorch/image-classification/run_image_classification.py).

The script leverages the 🤗 [Trainer API](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main_classes/trainer) to automatically take care of the training for you, running on distributed environments right away.

### Using datasets from Hub

Here we show how to fine-tune a Vision Transformer (`ViT`) on the [beans](https://huggingface.co/datasets/beans) dataset, to classify the disease type of bean leaves.

```bash
python run_image_classification.py \
    --dataset_name beans \
    --output_dir ./beans_outputs/ \
    --remove_unused_columns False \
    --do_train \
    --do_eval \
    --push_to_hub \
    --push_to_hub_model_id vit-base-beans \
    --learning_rate 2e-5 \
    --num_train_epochs 5 \
    --per_device_train_batch_size 8 \
    --per_device_eval_batch_size 8 \
    --logging_strategy steps \
    --logging_steps 10 \
    --evaluation_strategy epoch \
    --save_strategy epoch \
    --load_best_model_at_end True \
    --save_total_limit 3 \
    --seed 1337
```

👀 See the results here: [nateraw/vit-base-beans](https://huggingface.co/nateraw/vit-base-beans).

Note that you can replace the model and dataset by simply setting the `model_name_or_path` and `dataset_name` arguments respectively, with any model or dataset from the [hub](https://huggingface.co/). For an overview of all possible arguments, we refer to the [docs](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main_classes/trainer#transformers.TrainingArguments) of the `TrainingArguments`, which can be passed as flags.

> If your model classification head dimensions do not fit the number of labels in the dataset, you can specify `--ignore_mismatched_sizes` to adapt it.

### Using your own data

To use your own dataset, there are 2 ways:
- you can either provide your own folders as `--train_dir` and/or `--validation_dir` arguments
- you can upload your dataset to the hub (possibly as a private repo, if you prefer so), and simply pass the `--dataset_name` argument.

Below, we explain both in more detail.

#### Provide them as folders

If you provide your own folders with images, the script expects the following directory structure:

```bash
root/dog/xxx.png
root/dog/xxy.png
root/dog/[...]/xxz.png

root/cat/123.png
root/cat/nsdf3.png
root/cat/[...]/asd932_.png
```

In other words, you need to organize your images in subfolders, based on their class. You can then run the script like this:

```bash
python run_image_classification.py \
    --train_dir <path-to-train-root> \
    --output_dir ./outputs/ \
    --remove_unused_columns False \
    --do_train \
    --do_eval
```

Internally, the script will use the [`ImageFolder`](https://huggingface.co/docs/datasets/v2.0.0/en/image_process#imagefolder) feature which will automatically turn the folders into 🤗 Dataset objects.

##### 💡 The above will split the train dir into training and evaluation sets
  - To control the split amount, use the `--train_val_split` flag.
  - To provide your own validation split in its own directory, you can pass the `--validation_dir <path-to-val-root>` flag.

#### Upload your data to the hub, as a (possibly private) repo

It's very easy (and convenient) to upload your image dataset to the hub using the [`ImageFolder`](https://huggingface.co/docs/datasets/v2.0.0/en/image_process#imagefolder) feature available in 🤗 Datasets. Simply do the following:

```python
from datasets import load_dataset

# example 1: local folder
dataset = load_dataset("imagefolder", data_dir="path_to_your_folder")

# example 2: local files (suppoted formats are tar, gzip, zip, xz, rar, zstd)
dataset = load_dataset("imagefolder", data_files="path_to_zip_file")

# example 3: remote files (suppoted formats are tar, gzip, zip, xz, rar, zstd)
dataset = load_dataset("imagefolder", data_files="https://download.microsoft.com/download/3/E/1/3E1C3F21-ECDB-4869-8368-6DEBA77B919F/kagglecatsanddogs_3367a.zip")

# example 4: providing several splits
dataset = load_dataset("imagefolder", data_files={"train": ["path/to/file1", "path/to/file2"], "test": ["path/to/file3", "path/to/file4"]})
```

`ImageFolder` will create a `label` column, and the label name is based on the directory name.

Next, push it to the hub!

```python
# assuming you have ran the huggingface-cli login command in a terminal
dataset.push_to_hub("name_of_your_dataset")

# if you want to push to a private repo, simply pass private=True:
dataset.push_to_hub("name_of_your_dataset", private=True)
```

and that's it! You can now train your model by simply setting the `--dataset_name` argument to the name of your dataset on the hub (as explained in [Using datasets from the 🤗 hub](#using-datasets-from-hub)).

More on this can also be found in [this blog post](https://huggingface.co/blog/image-search-datasets).

### Sharing your model on 🤗 Hub

0. If you haven't already, [sign up](https://huggingface.co/join) for a 🤗 account

1. Make sure you have `git-lfs` installed and git set up.

```bash
$ apt install git-lfs
$ git config --global user.email "you@example.com"
$ git config --global user.name "Your Name"
```

2. Log in with your HuggingFace account credentials using `huggingface-cli`:

```bash
$ huggingface-cli login
# ...follow the prompts
```

3. When running the script, pass the following arguments:

```bash
python run_image_classification.py \
    --push_to_hub \
    --push_to_hub_model_id <name-your-model> \
    ...
```

## PyTorch version, no Trainer

Based on the script [`run_image_classification_no_trainer.py`](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/blob/main/examples/pytorch/image-classification/run_image_classification_no_trainer.py).

Like `run_image_classification.py`, this script allows you to fine-tune any of the models on the [hub](https://huggingface.co/models) on an image classification task. The main difference is that this script exposes the bare training loop, to allow you to quickly experiment and add any customization you would like.

It offers less options than the script with `Trainer` (for instance you can easily change the options for the optimizer
or the dataloaders directly in the script) but still run in a distributed setup, and supports mixed precision by
the means of the [🤗 `Accelerate`](https://github.com/huggingface/accelerate) library. You can use the script normally
after installing it:

```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/huggingface/accelerate
```

You can then use your usual launchers to run in it in a distributed environment, but the easiest way is to run

```bash
accelerate config
```

and reply to the questions asked. Then

```bash
accelerate test
```

that will check everything is ready for training. Finally, you can launch training with

```bash
accelerate launch run_image_classification_trainer.py
```

This command is the same and will work for:

- single/multiple CPUs
- single/multiple GPUs
- TPUs

Note that this library is in alpha release so your feedback is more than welcome if you encounter any problem using it.

Regarding using custom data with this script, we refer to [using your own data](#using-your-own-data).
