examples/seq2seq/README.md, before:

## Sequence to Sequence

This directory contains examples for finetuning and evaluating transformers on summarization and translation tasks.
Please tag @sshleifer with any issues/unexpected behaviors, or send a PR!
For `bertabs` instructions, see [`bertabs/README.md`](bertabs/README.md).

### Supported Architectures

- `BartForConditionalGeneration` (and anything that inherits from it)
- `MarianMTModel`
- `PegasusForConditionalGeneration`
- `MBartForConditionalGeneration`
- `FSMTForConditionalGeneration`
- `T5ForConditionalGeneration`
    

## Datasets

#### XSUM:
```bash
cd examples/seq2seq
wget https://s3.amazonaws.com/datasets.huggingface.co/summarization/xsum.tar.gz
tar -xzvf xsum.tar.gz
export XSUM_DIR=${PWD}/xsum
```
this should make a directory called `xsum/` with files like `test.source`.
To use your own data, copy that files format. Each article to be summarized is on its own line.

#### CNN/DailyMail
```bash
cd examples/seq2seq
wget https://s3.amazonaws.com/datasets.huggingface.co/summarization/cnn_dm_v2.tgz
tar -xzvf cnn_dm_v2.tgz  # empty lines removed
mv cnn_cln cnn_dm
export CNN_DIR=${PWD}/cnn_dm
```
this should make a directory called `cnn_dm/` with 6 files.

#### WMT16 English-Romanian Translation Data:
download with this command:
```bash
wget https://s3.amazonaws.com/datasets.huggingface.co/translation/wmt_en_ro.tar.gz
tar -xzvf wmt_en_ro.tar.gz
export ENRO_DIR=${PWD}/wmt_en_ro
```
this should make a directory called `wmt_en_ro/` with 6 files.

#### WMT English-German:
```bash
wget https://s3.amazonaws.com/datasets.huggingface.co/translation/wmt_en_de.tgz
tar -xzvf wmt_en_de.tgz
export DATA_DIR=${PWD}/wmt_en_de
```

#### Private Data

If you are using your own data, it must be formatted as one directory with 6 files:
```
train.source
train.target
val.source
val.target
test.source
test.target
```
The `.source` files are the input, the `.target` files are the desired output.


### Tips and Tricks

General Tips:
- since you need to run from `examples/seq2seq`, and likely need to modify code, the easiest workflow is fork transformers, clone your fork, and run `pip install -e .` before you get started.
- try `--freeze_encoder` or `--freeze_embeds` for faster training/larger batch size.  (3hr per epoch with bs=8, see the "xsum_shared_task" command below)
- `fp16_opt_level=O1` (the default works best).
- In addition to the pytorch-lightning .ckpt checkpoint, a transformers checkpoint will be saved.
Load it with `BartForConditionalGeneration.from_pretrained(f'{output_dir}/best_tfmr)`.
- At the moment, `--do_predict` does not work in a multi-gpu setting. You need to use `evaluate_checkpoint` or the `run_eval.py` code.
- This warning can be safely ignored:
    > "Some weights of BartForConditionalGeneration were not initialized from the model checkpoint at facebook/bart-large-xsum and are newly initialized: ['final_logits_bias']"
- Both finetuning and eval are 30% faster with `--fp16`. For that you need to [install apex](https://github.com/NVIDIA/apex#quick-start).
- Read scripts before you run them!

Summarization Tips:
- (summ) 1 epoch at batch size 1 for bart-large takes 24 hours and requires 13GB GPU RAM with fp16 on an NVIDIA-V100.
- If you want to run experiments on improving the summarization finetuning process, try the XSUM Shared Task (below). It's faster to train than CNNDM because the summaries are shorter.
- For CNN/DailyMail, the default `val_max_target_length` and `test_max_target_length` will truncate the ground truth labels, resulting in slightly higher rouge scores. To get accurate rouge scores, you should rerun calculate_rouge on the `{output_dir}/test_generations.txt` file saved by `trainer.test()`
- `--max_target_length=60 --val_max_target_length=60 --test_max_target_length=100 ` is a reasonable setting for XSUM.
- `wandb` can be used by specifying `--logger_name wandb`. It is useful for reproducibility. Specify the environment variable `WANDB_PROJECT='hf_xsum'` to do the XSUM shared task.
- If you are finetuning on your own dataset, start from `distilbart-cnn-12-6` if you want long summaries and `distilbart-xsum-12-6` if you want short summaries.
(It rarely makes sense to start from `bart-large` unless you are a researching finetuning methods).

**Update 2018-07-18**
Datasets: `LegacySeq2SeqDataset` will be used for all tokenizers without a `prepare_seq2seq_batch` method. Otherwise, `Seq2SeqDataset` will be used.
Future work/help wanted: A new dataset to support multilingual tasks.


### Finetuning Scripts
All finetuning bash scripts call finetune.py (or distillation.py) with reasonable command line arguments. They usually require extra command line arguments to work.

To see all the possible command line options, run:

```bash
 ./finetune.py --help 
```

### Finetuning Training Params

To override the pretrained model's training params, you can pass them to `./finetune.sh`:

```bash
./finetune.sh \
    [...]
    --encoder_layerdrop 0.1 \
    --decoder_layerdrop 0.1 \
    --dropout 0.1 \
    --attention_dropout 0.1 \
```

### Summarization Finetuning
Run/modify `finetune.sh`

The following command should work on a 16GB GPU:
```bash
./finetune.sh \
    --data_dir $XSUM_DIR \
    --train_batch_size=1 \
    --eval_batch_size=1 \
    --output_dir=xsum_results \
    --num_train_epochs 6 \
    --model_name_or_path facebook/bart-large
```

There is a starter finetuning script for pegasus at `finetune_pegasus_xsum.sh`.

### Translation Finetuning

First, follow the wmt_en_ro download instructions.
Then you can finetune mbart_cc25 on english-romanian with the following command.
**Recommendation:** Read and potentially modify the fairly opinionated defaults in `train_mbart_cc25_enro.sh` script before running it.

Best performing command:
```bash
# optionally
export ENRO_DIR='wmt_en_ro' # Download instructions above
# export WANDB_PROJECT="MT" # optional
export MAX_LEN=128
export BS=4
./train_mbart_cc25_enro.sh --output_dir enro_finetune_baseline --label_smoothing 0.1 --fp16_opt_level=O1 --logger_name wandb --sortish_sampler
```
This should take < 6h/epoch on a 16GB v100 and achieve test BLEU above 26
To get results in line with fairseq, you need to do some postprocessing. (see `romanian_postprocessing.md`)

MultiGPU command
(using 8 GPUS as an example)
```bash
export ENRO_DIR='wmt_en_ro' # Download instructions above
 # export WANDB_PROJECT="MT" # optional
export MAX_LEN=128
export BS=4
./train_mbart_cc25_enro.sh --output_dir enro_finetune_baseline --gpus 8 --logger_name wandb
```
### Finetuning Outputs
As you train, `output_dir` will be filled with files, that look kind of like this (comments are mine).
Some of them are metrics, some of them are checkpoints, some of them are metadata. Here is a quick tour:

```bash
output_dir
├── best_tfmr  # this is a huggingface checkpoint generated by save_pretrained. It is the same model as the PL .ckpt file below
│   ├── config.json
│   ├── merges.txt
│   ├── pytorch_model.bin
│   ├── special_tokens_map.json
│   ├── tokenizer_config.json
│   └── vocab.json
├── git_log.json   # repo, branch, and commit hash
├── val_avg_rouge2=0.1984-step_count=11.ckpt  # this is a pytorch lightning checkpoint associated with the best val score. (it will be called BLEU for MT)
├── metrics.json  # new validation metrics will continually be appended to this
├── student  # this is a huggingface checkpoint generated by SummarizationDistiller. It is the student before it gets finetuned.
│   ├── config.json
│   └── pytorch_model.bin
├── test_generations.txt
# ^^ are the summaries or translations produced by your best checkpoint on the test data. Populated when training is done
├── test_results.txt  # a convenience file with the test set metrics. This data is also in metrics.json['test']
├── hparams.pkl  # the command line args passed after some light preprocessing. Should be saved fairly quickly.
```
After training, you can recover the best checkpoint by running
```python
from transformers import AutoModelForSeq2SeqLM
model = AutoModelForSeq2SeqLM.from_pretrained(f'{output_dir}/best_tfmr')
```

### Evaluation Commands

To create summaries for each article in dataset, we use `run_eval.py`, here are a few commands that run eval for different tasks and models.
If 'translation' is in your task name, the computed metric will be BLEU. Otherwise, ROUGE will be used.

For t5, you need to specify --task translation_{src}_to_{tgt} as follows:
```bash
export DATA_DIR=wmt_en_ro
./run_eval.py t5-base \
    $DATA_DIR/val.source t5_val_generations.txt \
    --reference_path $DATA_DIR/val.target \
    --score_path enro_bleu.json \
    --task translation_en_to_ro \
    --n_obs 100 \
    --device cuda \
    --fp16 \
    --bs 32
```

This command works for MBART, although the BLEU score is suspiciously low.
```bash
export DATA_DIR=wmt_en_ro
./run_eval.py facebook/mbart-large-en-ro $DATA_DIR/val.source mbart_val_generations.txt \
    --reference_path $DATA_DIR/val.target \
    --score_path enro_bleu.json \
    --task translation \
    --n_obs 100 \
    --device cuda \
    --fp16 \
    --bs 32
```

Summarization (xsum will be very similar):
```bash
export DATA_DIR=cnn_dm
./run_eval.py sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-6 $DATA_DIR/val.source dbart_val_generations.txt \
    --reference_path $DATA_DIR/val.target \
    --score_path cnn_rouge.json \
    --task summarization \
    --n_obs 100 \
    --device cuda \
    --max_source_length 1024 \
    --max_target_length 56 \
    --fp16 \
    --bs 32
```
### Multi-GPU Evaluation
here is a command to run xsum evaluation on 8 GPUS. It is more than linearly faster than run_eval.py in some cases 
because it uses SortishSampler to minimize padding. You can also use it on 1 GPU. `data_dir` must have 
`{type_path}.source` and `{type_path}.target`. Run `./run_distributed_eval.py --help` for all clargs.

```bash
python -m torch.distributed.launch --nproc_per_node=8  run_distributed_eval.py \
    --model_name sshleifer/distilbart-large-xsum-12-3  \
    --save_dir xsum_generations \
    --data_dir xsum \
    --fp16  # you can pass generate kwargs like num_beams here, just like run_eval.py
```

Contributions that implement this command for other distributed hardware setups are welcome!

#### Single-GPU Eval: Tips and Tricks

When using `run_eval.py`, the following features can be useful:

* if you running the script multiple times and want to make it easier to track what arguments produced that output, use `--dump-args`. Along with the results it will also dump any custom params that were passed to the script. For example if you used: `--num_beams 8 --early_stopping true`, the output will be:
   ```
   {'bleu': 26.887, 'n_obs': 10, 'runtime': 1, 'seconds_per_sample': 0.1, 'num_beams': 8, 'early_stopping': True}
   ```

   `--info` is an additional argument available for the same purpose of tracking the conditions of the experiment. It's useful to pass things that weren't in the argument list, e.g. a language pair `--info "lang:en-ru"`. But also if you pass `--info` without a value it will fallback to the current date/time string, e.g. `2020-09-13 18:44:43`.

   If using `--dump-args --info`, the output will be:
   
   ```
   {'bleu': 26.887, 'n_obs': 10, 'runtime': 1, 'seconds_per_sample': 0.1, 'num_beams': 8, 'early_stopping': True, 'info': '2020-09-13 18:44:43'}
   ```

   If using `--dump-args --info "pair:en-ru chkpt=best`, the output will be:
   
   ```
   {'bleu': 26.887, 'n_obs': 10, 'runtime': 1, 'seconds_per_sample': 0.1, 'num_beams': 8, 'early_stopping': True, 'info': 'pair=en-ru chkpt=best'}
   ```
      

* if you need to perform a parametric search in order to find the best ones that lead to the highest BLEU score, let `run_eval_search.py` to do the searching for you.

   The script accepts the exact same arguments as `run_eval.py`, plus an additional argument `--search`. The value of `--search` is parsed, reformatted and fed to ``run_eval.py`` as additional args.

   The format for the `--search` value is a simple string with hparams and colon separated values to try, e.g.:
   ```
    --search "num_beams=5:10 length_penalty=0.8:1.0:1.2 early_stopping=true:false"
   ```
   which will generate `12` `(2*3*2)` searches for a product of each hparam. For example the example that was just used will invoke `run_eval.py` repeatedly with:
   
   ```
    --num_beams 5 --length_penalty 0.8 --early_stopping true
    --num_beams 5 --length_penalty 0.8 --early_stopping false
    [...]
    --num_beams 10 --length_penalty 1.2 --early_stopping false
   ```
   
   On completion, this function prints a markdown table of the results sorted by the best BLEU score and the winning arguments.

```
bleu  | num_beams | length_penalty | early_stopping
----- | --------- | -------------- | --------------
26.71 |         5 |            1.1 |              1
26.66 |         5 |            0.9 |              1
26.66 |         5 |            0.9 |              0
26.41 |         5 |            1.1 |              0
21.94 |         1 |            0.9 |              1
21.94 |         1 |            0.9 |              0
21.94 |         1 |            1.1 |              1
21.94 |         1 |            1.1 |              0

Best score args:
stas/wmt19-en-ru data/en-ru/val.source data/en-ru/test_translations.txt --reference_path data/en-ru/val.target --score_path data/en-ru/test_bleu.json --bs 8 --task translation --num_beams 5 --length_penalty 1.1 --early_stopping True
```

If you pass `--info "some experiment-specific info"` it will get printed before the results table - this is useful for scripting and multiple runs, so one can tell the different sets of results from each other.


### DistilBART
![DBART](https://huggingface.co/front/thumbnails/distilbart_large.png)

For the CNN/DailyMail dataset, (relatively longer, more extractive summaries), we found a simple technique that works:
you just copy alternating layers from `bart-large-cnn` and finetune more on the same data.

For the XSUM dataset, that didn’t work as well so we used that same initialization strategy followed by a combination of Distillbert’s ce_loss and the hidden states MSE loss used in the tinybert paper.

You can see the performance tradeoffs of model sizes [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1EkhDMwVO02m8jCD1cG3RoFPLicpcL1GQHTQjfvDYgIM/edit#gid=0).
and more granular timing results [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1EkhDMwVO02m8jCD1cG3RoFPLicpcL1GQHTQjfvDYgIM/edit#gid=1753259047&range=B2:I23).

#### No Teacher Distillation
To run the simpler distilbart-cnn style distillation all you need is data, a GPU, and a properly initialized student.
You don't even need `distillation.py`.

Some [un-finetuned students](https://huggingface.co/models?search=sshleifer%2Fstudent) are available for replication purposes.
They are initialized by copying layers from the associated `bart-large-{cnn|xsum}` teacher using `--init_strategy alternate`. (You can read about that in `initialization_utils.py`)
The command that produced `sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-6` is
```bash
./train_distilbart_cnn.sh
```
runtime: 6H on NVIDIA RTX 24GB GPU

*Note*: You can get the same simple distillation logic by using `./run_distiller.sh --no_teacher` followed by identical arguments as the ones in `train_distilbart_cnn.sh`.
If you are using `wandb` and comparing the two distillation methods, using this entry point will make your logs consistent,
because you will have the same hyperparameters logged in every run.

#### With a teacher
*Note* only BART variants are supported

In this method, we use try to enforce that the student and teacher produce similar encoder_outputs, logits, and hidden_states using `BartSummarizationDistiller`.
This is how `sshleifer/distilbart-xsum*` checkpoints were produced.

The command that produced `sshleifer/distilbart-xsum-12-6` is:

```bash
./train_distilbart_xsum.sh
```

runtime: 13H on V-100 16GB GPU.

### Contributing
- follow the standard contributing guidelines and code of conduct.
- add tests to `test_seq2seq_examples.py`
- To run only the seq2seq tests, you must be in the root of the repository and run:
```bash
pytest examples/seq2seq/
```


## Experimental Features 
These features are harder to use and not always useful.

###  Dynamic Batch Size for MT
`finetune.py` has a command line arg `--max_tokens_per_batch` that allows batches to be dynamically sized.
This feature can only be used:
- with fairseq installed
- on 1 GPU
- without sortish sampler
- after calling `./save_len_file.py $tok $data_dir`

For example, 
```bash
./save_len_file.py Helsinki-NLP/opus-mt-en-ro  wmt_en_ro
./dynamic_bs_example.sh --max_tokens_per_batch=2000 --output_dir benchmark_dynamic_bs
```
splits `wmt_en_ro/train` into 11,197 uneven lengthed batches and can finish 1 epoch in 8 minutes on a v100.

For comparison,
```bash
./dynamic_bs_example.sh --sortish_sampler --train_batch_size 48
```
uses 12,723 batches of length 48 and takes slightly more time 9.5 minutes.

The feature is still experimental, because:
+ we can make it much more robust if we have memory mapped/preprocessed datasets.
+ The speedup over sortish sampler is not that large at the moment.

Commit message:

Seq2SeqTrainer (#6769)
Co-authored-by: Sam Shleifer <sshleifer@gmail.com>

examples/seq2seq/README.md, after:

## Sequence to Sequence

This directory contains examples for finetuning and evaluating transformers on summarization and translation tasks.
Please tag @sshleifer with any issues/unexpected behaviors, or send a PR!
For `bertabs` instructions, see [`bertabs/README.md`](bertabs/README.md).

### Supported Architectures

- `BartForConditionalGeneration` (and anything that inherits from it)
- `MarianMTModel`
- `PegasusForConditionalGeneration`
- `MBartForConditionalGeneration`
- `FSMTForConditionalGeneration`
- `T5ForConditionalGeneration`
    

## Datasets

#### XSUM:
```bash
cd examples/seq2seq
wget https://s3.amazonaws.com/datasets.huggingface.co/summarization/xsum.tar.gz
tar -xzvf xsum.tar.gz
export XSUM_DIR=${PWD}/xsum
```
this should make a directory called `xsum/` with files like `test.source`.
To use your own data, copy that files format. Each article to be summarized is on its own line.

#### CNN/DailyMail
```bash
cd examples/seq2seq
wget https://s3.amazonaws.com/datasets.huggingface.co/summarization/cnn_dm_v2.tgz
tar -xzvf cnn_dm_v2.tgz  # empty lines removed
mv cnn_cln cnn_dm
export CNN_DIR=${PWD}/cnn_dm
```
this should make a directory called `cnn_dm/` with 6 files.

#### WMT16 English-Romanian Translation Data:
download with this command:
```bash
wget https://s3.amazonaws.com/datasets.huggingface.co/translation/wmt_en_ro.tar.gz
tar -xzvf wmt_en_ro.tar.gz
export ENRO_DIR=${PWD}/wmt_en_ro
```
this should make a directory called `wmt_en_ro/` with 6 files.

#### WMT English-German:
```bash
wget https://s3.amazonaws.com/datasets.huggingface.co/translation/wmt_en_de.tgz
tar -xzvf wmt_en_de.tgz
export DATA_DIR=${PWD}/wmt_en_de
```

#### Private Data

If you are using your own data, it must be formatted as one directory with 6 files:
```
train.source
train.target
val.source
val.target
test.source
test.target
```
The `.source` files are the input, the `.target` files are the desired output.


### Tips and Tricks

General Tips:
- since you need to run from `examples/seq2seq`, and likely need to modify code, the easiest workflow is fork transformers, clone your fork, and run `pip install -e .` before you get started.
- try `--freeze_encoder` or `--freeze_embeds` for faster training/larger batch size.  (3hr per epoch with bs=8, see the "xsum_shared_task" command below)
- `fp16_opt_level=O1` (the default works best).
- In addition to the pytorch-lightning .ckpt checkpoint, a transformers checkpoint will be saved.
Load it with `BartForConditionalGeneration.from_pretrained(f'{output_dir}/best_tfmr)`.
- At the moment, `--do_predict` does not work in a multi-gpu setting. You need to use `evaluate_checkpoint` or the `run_eval.py` code.
- This warning can be safely ignored:
    > "Some weights of BartForConditionalGeneration were not initialized from the model checkpoint at facebook/bart-large-xsum and are newly initialized: ['final_logits_bias']"
- Both finetuning and eval are 30% faster with `--fp16`. For that you need to [install apex](https://github.com/NVIDIA/apex#quick-start).
- Read scripts before you run them!

Summarization Tips:
- (summ) 1 epoch at batch size 1 for bart-large takes 24 hours and requires 13GB GPU RAM with fp16 on an NVIDIA-V100.
- If you want to run experiments on improving the summarization finetuning process, try the XSUM Shared Task (below). It's faster to train than CNNDM because the summaries are shorter.
- For CNN/DailyMail, the default `val_max_target_length` and `test_max_target_length` will truncate the ground truth labels, resulting in slightly higher rouge scores. To get accurate rouge scores, you should rerun calculate_rouge on the `{output_dir}/test_generations.txt` file saved by `trainer.test()`
- `--max_target_length=60 --val_max_target_length=60 --test_max_target_length=100 ` is a reasonable setting for XSUM.
- `wandb` can be used by specifying `--logger_name wandb`. It is useful for reproducibility. Specify the environment variable `WANDB_PROJECT='hf_xsum'` to do the XSUM shared task.
- If you are finetuning on your own dataset, start from `distilbart-cnn-12-6` if you want long summaries and `distilbart-xsum-12-6` if you want short summaries.
(It rarely makes sense to start from `bart-large` unless you are a researching finetuning methods).

**Update 2018-07-18**
Datasets: `LegacySeq2SeqDataset` will be used for all tokenizers without a `prepare_seq2seq_batch` method. Otherwise, `Seq2SeqDataset` will be used.
Future work/help wanted: A new dataset to support multilingual tasks.


### Finetuning Scripts
All finetuning bash scripts call finetune.py (or distillation.py) with reasonable command line arguments. They usually require extra command line arguments to work.

To see all the possible command line options, run:

```bash
 ./finetune.py --help 
```

### Finetuning Training Params

To override the pretrained model's training params, you can pass them to `./finetune.sh`:

```bash
./finetune.sh \
    [...]
    --encoder_layerdrop 0.1 \
    --decoder_layerdrop 0.1 \
    --dropout 0.1 \
    --attention_dropout 0.1 \
```

### Summarization Finetuning
Run/modify `finetune.sh`

The following command should work on a 16GB GPU:
```bash
./finetune.sh \
    --data_dir $XSUM_DIR \
    --train_batch_size=1 \
    --eval_batch_size=1 \
    --output_dir=xsum_results \
    --num_train_epochs 6 \
    --model_name_or_path facebook/bart-large
```

There is a starter finetuning script for pegasus at `finetune_pegasus_xsum.sh`.

### Translation Finetuning

First, follow the wmt_en_ro download instructions.
Then you can finetune mbart_cc25 on english-romanian with the following command.
**Recommendation:** Read and potentially modify the fairly opinionated defaults in `train_mbart_cc25_enro.sh` script before running it.

Best performing command:
```bash
# optionally
export ENRO_DIR='wmt_en_ro' # Download instructions above
# export WANDB_PROJECT="MT" # optional
export MAX_LEN=128
export BS=4
./train_mbart_cc25_enro.sh --output_dir enro_finetune_baseline --label_smoothing 0.1 --fp16_opt_level=O1 --logger_name wandb --sortish_sampler
```
This should take < 6h/epoch on a 16GB v100 and achieve test BLEU above 26
To get results in line with fairseq, you need to do some postprocessing. (see `romanian_postprocessing.md`)

MultiGPU command
(using 8 GPUS as an example)
```bash
export ENRO_DIR='wmt_en_ro' # Download instructions above
 # export WANDB_PROJECT="MT" # optional
export MAX_LEN=128
export BS=4
./train_mbart_cc25_enro.sh --output_dir enro_finetune_baseline --gpus 8 --logger_name wandb
```
### Finetuning Outputs
As you train, `output_dir` will be filled with files, that look kind of like this (comments are mine).
Some of them are metrics, some of them are checkpoints, some of them are metadata. Here is a quick tour:

```bash
output_dir
├── best_tfmr  # this is a huggingface checkpoint generated by save_pretrained. It is the same model as the PL .ckpt file below
│   ├── config.json
│   ├── merges.txt
│   ├── pytorch_model.bin
│   ├── special_tokens_map.json
│   ├── tokenizer_config.json
│   └── vocab.json
├── git_log.json   # repo, branch, and commit hash
├── val_avg_rouge2=0.1984-step_count=11.ckpt  # this is a pytorch lightning checkpoint associated with the best val score. (it will be called BLEU for MT)
├── metrics.json  # new validation metrics will continually be appended to this
├── student  # this is a huggingface checkpoint generated by SummarizationDistiller. It is the student before it gets finetuned.
│   ├── config.json
│   └── pytorch_model.bin
├── test_generations.txt
# ^^ are the summaries or translations produced by your best checkpoint on the test data. Populated when training is done
├── test_results.txt  # a convenience file with the test set metrics. This data is also in metrics.json['test']
├── hparams.pkl  # the command line args passed after some light preprocessing. Should be saved fairly quickly.
```
After training, you can recover the best checkpoint by running
```python
from transformers import AutoModelForSeq2SeqLM
model = AutoModelForSeq2SeqLM.from_pretrained(f'{output_dir}/best_tfmr')
```

### Fine-tuning using Seq2SeqTrainer
To use `Seq2SeqTrainer` for fine-tuning you should use the `finetune_trainer.py` script. It subclasses `Trainer` to extend it for seq2seq training. Except the `Trainer` releated `TrainingArguments`, it shares the same argument names as that of `finetune.py` file. One notable difference is that, calculating generative metrics (BLEU, ROUGE) is optional and is controlled using the `--predict_with_generate` argument, set this argument to calculate BLEU and ROUGE metrics.

To see all the possible command line options, run:

```bash
./builtin_trainer/finetune.sh --help # This calls python finetune_trainer.py --help
```

**At the moment, `Seq2SeqTrainer` does not support *with teacher* distillation.**

All `Seq2SeqTrainer` based fine-tuning scripts are included in the `builtin_trainer` directory.

#### TPU Training
`Seq2SeqTrainer` supports TPU training with few caveats
1. As `generate` method does not work on TPU at the moment, `predict_with_generate` can not be used. You should use `--prediction_loss_only` to only calculate loss, and do not set `--do_predict` and `--predict_with_generate`.
2. All sequences should be padded to be of equal length otherwise it leads to extremely slow training. (`finetune_trainer.py` does this automatically when running on TPU.)

We provide a very simple launcher script named `xla_spawn.py` that lets you run our example scripts on multiple TPU cores without any boilerplate. Just pass a --num_cores flag to this script, then your regular training script with its arguments (this is similar to the torch.distributed.launch helper for torch.distributed).

`builtin_trainer/finetune_tpu.sh` script provides minimal arguments needed for TPU training.

Following command fine-tunes `sshleifer/student_marian_en_ro_6_3` on TPU V3-8 and should complete one epoch in ~5-6 mins.

```bash
./builtin_trainer/train_distil_marian_enro_tpu.sh
```

### Evaluation Commands

To create summaries for each article in dataset, we use `run_eval.py`, here are a few commands that run eval for different tasks and models.
If 'translation' is in your task name, the computed metric will be BLEU. Otherwise, ROUGE will be used.

For t5, you need to specify --task translation_{src}_to_{tgt} as follows:
```bash
export DATA_DIR=wmt_en_ro
./run_eval.py t5-base \
    $DATA_DIR/val.source t5_val_generations.txt \
    --reference_path $DATA_DIR/val.target \
    --score_path enro_bleu.json \
    --task translation_en_to_ro \
    --n_obs 100 \
    --device cuda \
    --fp16 \
    --bs 32
```

This command works for MBART, although the BLEU score is suspiciously low.
```bash
export DATA_DIR=wmt_en_ro
./run_eval.py facebook/mbart-large-en-ro $DATA_DIR/val.source mbart_val_generations.txt \
    --reference_path $DATA_DIR/val.target \
    --score_path enro_bleu.json \
    --task translation \
    --n_obs 100 \
    --device cuda \
    --fp16 \
    --bs 32
```

Summarization (xsum will be very similar):
```bash
export DATA_DIR=cnn_dm
./run_eval.py sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-6 $DATA_DIR/val.source dbart_val_generations.txt \
    --reference_path $DATA_DIR/val.target \
    --score_path cnn_rouge.json \
    --task summarization \
    --n_obs 100 \
    --device cuda \
    --max_source_length 1024 \
    --max_target_length 56 \
    --fp16 \
    --bs 32
```
### Multi-GPU Evaluation
here is a command to run xsum evaluation on 8 GPUS. It is more than linearly faster than run_eval.py in some cases 
because it uses SortishSampler to minimize padding. You can also use it on 1 GPU. `data_dir` must have 
`{type_path}.source` and `{type_path}.target`. Run `./run_distributed_eval.py --help` for all clargs.

```bash
python -m torch.distributed.launch --nproc_per_node=8  run_distributed_eval.py \
    --model_name sshleifer/distilbart-large-xsum-12-3  \
    --save_dir xsum_generations \
    --data_dir xsum \
    --fp16  # you can pass generate kwargs like num_beams here, just like run_eval.py
```

Contributions that implement this command for other distributed hardware setups are welcome!

#### Single-GPU Eval: Tips and Tricks

When using `run_eval.py`, the following features can be useful:

* if you running the script multiple times and want to make it easier to track what arguments produced that output, use `--dump-args`. Along with the results it will also dump any custom params that were passed to the script. For example if you used: `--num_beams 8 --early_stopping true`, the output will be:
   ```
   {'bleu': 26.887, 'n_obs': 10, 'runtime': 1, 'seconds_per_sample': 0.1, 'num_beams': 8, 'early_stopping': True}
   ```

   `--info` is an additional argument available for the same purpose of tracking the conditions of the experiment. It's useful to pass things that weren't in the argument list, e.g. a language pair `--info "lang:en-ru"`. But also if you pass `--info` without a value it will fallback to the current date/time string, e.g. `2020-09-13 18:44:43`.

   If using `--dump-args --info`, the output will be:
   
   ```
   {'bleu': 26.887, 'n_obs': 10, 'runtime': 1, 'seconds_per_sample': 0.1, 'num_beams': 8, 'early_stopping': True, 'info': '2020-09-13 18:44:43'}
   ```

   If using `--dump-args --info "pair:en-ru chkpt=best`, the output will be:
   
   ```
   {'bleu': 26.887, 'n_obs': 10, 'runtime': 1, 'seconds_per_sample': 0.1, 'num_beams': 8, 'early_stopping': True, 'info': 'pair=en-ru chkpt=best'}
   ```
      

* if you need to perform a parametric search in order to find the best ones that lead to the highest BLEU score, let `run_eval_search.py` to do the searching for you.

   The script accepts the exact same arguments as `run_eval.py`, plus an additional argument `--search`. The value of `--search` is parsed, reformatted and fed to ``run_eval.py`` as additional args.

   The format for the `--search` value is a simple string with hparams and colon separated values to try, e.g.:
   ```
    --search "num_beams=5:10 length_penalty=0.8:1.0:1.2 early_stopping=true:false"
   ```
   which will generate `12` `(2*3*2)` searches for a product of each hparam. For example the example that was just used will invoke `run_eval.py` repeatedly with:
   
   ```
    --num_beams 5 --length_penalty 0.8 --early_stopping true
    --num_beams 5 --length_penalty 0.8 --early_stopping false
    [...]
    --num_beams 10 --length_penalty 1.2 --early_stopping false
   ```
   
   On completion, this function prints a markdown table of the results sorted by the best BLEU score and the winning arguments.

```
bleu  | num_beams | length_penalty | early_stopping
----- | --------- | -------------- | --------------
26.71 |         5 |            1.1 |              1
26.66 |         5 |            0.9 |              1
26.66 |         5 |            0.9 |              0
26.41 |         5 |            1.1 |              0
21.94 |         1 |            0.9 |              1
21.94 |         1 |            0.9 |              0
21.94 |         1 |            1.1 |              1
21.94 |         1 |            1.1 |              0

Best score args:
stas/wmt19-en-ru data/en-ru/val.source data/en-ru/test_translations.txt --reference_path data/en-ru/val.target --score_path data/en-ru/test_bleu.json --bs 8 --task translation --num_beams 5 --length_penalty 1.1 --early_stopping True
```

If you pass `--info "some experiment-specific info"` it will get printed before the results table - this is useful for scripting and multiple runs, so one can tell the different sets of results from each other.


### DistilBART
![DBART](https://huggingface.co/front/thumbnails/distilbart_large.png)

For the CNN/DailyMail dataset, (relatively longer, more extractive summaries), we found a simple technique that works:
you just copy alternating layers from `bart-large-cnn` and finetune more on the same data.

For the XSUM dataset, that didn’t work as well so we used that same initialization strategy followed by a combination of Distillbert’s ce_loss and the hidden states MSE loss used in the tinybert paper.

You can see the performance tradeoffs of model sizes [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1EkhDMwVO02m8jCD1cG3RoFPLicpcL1GQHTQjfvDYgIM/edit#gid=0).
and more granular timing results [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1EkhDMwVO02m8jCD1cG3RoFPLicpcL1GQHTQjfvDYgIM/edit#gid=1753259047&range=B2:I23).

#### No Teacher Distillation
To run the simpler distilbart-cnn style distillation all you need is data, a GPU, and a properly initialized student.
You don't even need `distillation.py`.

Some [un-finetuned students](https://huggingface.co/models?search=sshleifer%2Fstudent) are available for replication purposes.
They are initialized by copying layers from the associated `bart-large-{cnn|xsum}` teacher using `--init_strategy alternate`. (You can read about that in `initialization_utils.py`)
The command that produced `sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-6` is
```bash
./train_distilbart_cnn.sh
```
runtime: 6H on NVIDIA RTX 24GB GPU

*Note*: You can get the same simple distillation logic by using `./run_distiller.sh --no_teacher` followed by identical arguments as the ones in `train_distilbart_cnn.sh`.
If you are using `wandb` and comparing the two distillation methods, using this entry point will make your logs consistent,
because you will have the same hyperparameters logged in every run.

#### With a teacher
*Note* only BART variants are supported

In this method, we use try to enforce that the student and teacher produce similar encoder_outputs, logits, and hidden_states using `BartSummarizationDistiller`.
This is how `sshleifer/distilbart-xsum*` checkpoints were produced.

The command that produced `sshleifer/distilbart-xsum-12-6` is:

```bash
./train_distilbart_xsum.sh
```

runtime: 13H on V-100 16GB GPU.

### Contributing
- follow the standard contributing guidelines and code of conduct.
- add tests to `test_seq2seq_examples.py`
- To run only the seq2seq tests, you must be in the root of the repository and run:
```bash
pytest examples/seq2seq/
```


## Experimental Features 
These features are harder to use and not always useful.

###  Dynamic Batch Size for MT
`finetune.py` has a command line arg `--max_tokens_per_batch` that allows batches to be dynamically sized.
This feature can only be used:
- with fairseq installed
- on 1 GPU
- without sortish sampler
- after calling `./save_len_file.py $tok $data_dir`

For example, 
```bash
./save_len_file.py Helsinki-NLP/opus-mt-en-ro  wmt_en_ro
./dynamic_bs_example.sh --max_tokens_per_batch=2000 --output_dir benchmark_dynamic_bs
```
splits `wmt_en_ro/train` into 11,197 uneven lengthed batches and can finish 1 epoch in 8 minutes on a v100.

For comparison,
```bash
./dynamic_bs_example.sh --sortish_sampler --train_batch_size 48
```
uses 12,723 batches of length 48 and takes slightly more time 9.5 minutes.

The feature is still experimental, because:
+ we can make it much more robust if we have memory mapped/preprocessed datasets.
+ The speedup over sortish sampler is not that large at the moment.
