examples/multiple-choice/README.md, before:

<!---
Copyright 2020 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
-->

## Multiple Choice

Based on the script [`run_swag.py`]().

#### Fine-tuning on SWAG

```bash
python examples/multiple-choice/run_swag.py \
--model_name_or_path roberta-base \
--do_train \
--do_eval \
--learning_rate 5e-5 \
--num_train_epochs 3 \
--output_dir /tmp/swag_base \
--per_gpu_eval_batch_size=16 \
--per_device_train_batch_size=16 \
--overwrite_output
```
Training with the defined hyper-parameters yields the following results:
```
***** Eval results *****
eval_acc = 0.8338998300509847
eval_loss = 0.44457291918821606
```


## Tensorflow

```bash
export SWAG_DIR=/path/to/swag_data_dir
python ./examples/multiple-choice/run_tf_multiple_choice.py \
--task_name swag \
--model_name_or_path bert-base-cased \
--do_train \
--do_eval \
--data_dir $SWAG_DIR \
--learning_rate 5e-5 \
--num_train_epochs 3 \
--max_seq_length 80 \
--output_dir models_bert/swag_base \
--per_gpu_eval_batch_size=16 \
--per_device_train_batch_size=16 \
--logging-dir logs \
--gradient_accumulation_steps 2 \
--overwrite_output
```

# Run it in colab
[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/ViktorAlm/notebooks/blob/master/MPC_GPU_Demo_for_TF_and_PT.ipynb)

Commit message:

Expand a bit the presentation of examples (#10799)
* Expand a bit the presentation of examples

* Apply suggestions from code review

Co-authored-by: Stas Bekman <stas00@users.noreply.github.com>

* Address review comments

Co-authored-by: Stas Bekman <stas00@users.noreply.github.com>

examples/multiple-choice/README.md, after:

<!---
Copyright 2020 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
-->

## Multiple Choice

Based on the script [`run_swag.py`]().

## PyTorch script: fine-tuning on SWAG

`run_swag` allows you to fine-tune any model from our [hub](https://huggingface.co/models) (as long as its architecture as a `ForMultipleChoice` version in the library) on the SWAG dataset or your own csv/jsonlines files as long as they are structured the same way. To make it works on another dataset, you will need to tweak the `preprocess_function` inside the script.

```bash
python examples/multiple-choice/run_swag.py \
--model_name_or_path roberta-base \
--do_train \
--do_eval \
--learning_rate 5e-5 \
--num_train_epochs 3 \
--output_dir /tmp/swag_base \
--per_gpu_eval_batch_size=16 \
--per_device_train_batch_size=16 \
--overwrite_output
```
Training with the defined hyper-parameters yields the following results:
```
***** Eval results *****
eval_acc = 0.8338998300509847
eval_loss = 0.44457291918821606
```


## Tensorflow

```bash
export SWAG_DIR=/path/to/swag_data_dir
python ./examples/multiple-choice/run_tf_multiple_choice.py \
--task_name swag \
--model_name_or_path bert-base-cased \
--do_train \
--do_eval \
--data_dir $SWAG_DIR \
--learning_rate 5e-5 \
--num_train_epochs 3 \
--max_seq_length 80 \
--output_dir models_bert/swag_base \
--per_gpu_eval_batch_size=16 \
--per_device_train_batch_size=16 \
--logging-dir logs \
--gradient_accumulation_steps 2 \
--overwrite_output
```

# Run it in colab
[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/ViktorAlm/notebooks/blob/master/MPC_GPU_Demo_for_TF_and_PT.ipynb)
