docs/source/bertology.rst, before:

BERTology
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

There is a growing field of study concerned with investigating the inner working of large-scale transformers like BERT
(that some call "BERTology"). Some good examples of this field are:


* BERT Rediscovers the Classical NLP Pipeline by Ian Tenney, Dipanjan Das, Ellie Pavlick:
  https://arxiv.org/abs/1905.05950
* Are Sixteen Heads Really Better than One? by Paul Michel, Omer Levy, Graham Neubig: https://arxiv.org/abs/1905.10650
* What Does BERT Look At? An Analysis of BERT's Attention by Kevin Clark, Urvashi Khandelwal, Omer Levy, Christopher D.
  Manning: https://arxiv.org/abs/1906.04341

In order to help this new field develop, we have included a few additional features in the BERT/GPT/GPT-2 models to
help people access the inner representations, mainly adapted from the great work of Paul Michel
(https://arxiv.org/abs/1905.10650):


* accessing all the hidden-states of BERT/GPT/GPT-2,
* accessing all the attention weights for each head of BERT/GPT/GPT-2,
* retrieving heads output values and gradients to be able to compute head importance score and prune head as explained
  in https://arxiv.org/abs/1905.10650.

To help you understand and use these features, we have added a specific example script: `bertology.py
<https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/blob/master/examples/bertology/run_bertology.py>`_ while extract
information and prune a model pre-trained on GLUE.

Commit message:

Copyright (#8970)
* Add copyright everywhere missing

* Style

docs/source/bertology.rst, after:

.. 
    Copyright 2020 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
    an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

BERTology
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

There is a growing field of study concerned with investigating the inner working of large-scale transformers like BERT
(that some call "BERTology"). Some good examples of this field are:


* BERT Rediscovers the Classical NLP Pipeline by Ian Tenney, Dipanjan Das, Ellie Pavlick:
  https://arxiv.org/abs/1905.05950
* Are Sixteen Heads Really Better than One? by Paul Michel, Omer Levy, Graham Neubig: https://arxiv.org/abs/1905.10650
* What Does BERT Look At? An Analysis of BERT's Attention by Kevin Clark, Urvashi Khandelwal, Omer Levy, Christopher D.
  Manning: https://arxiv.org/abs/1906.04341

In order to help this new field develop, we have included a few additional features in the BERT/GPT/GPT-2 models to
help people access the inner representations, mainly adapted from the great work of Paul Michel
(https://arxiv.org/abs/1905.10650):


* accessing all the hidden-states of BERT/GPT/GPT-2,
* accessing all the attention weights for each head of BERT/GPT/GPT-2,
* retrieving heads output values and gradients to be able to compute head importance score and prune head as explained
  in https://arxiv.org/abs/1905.10650.

To help you understand and use these features, we have added a specific example script: `bertology.py
<https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/blob/master/examples/bertology/run_bertology.py>`_ while extract
information and prune a model pre-trained on GLUE.
