docs/source/community.md, before:

# Community

This page regroups resources around 🤗 Transformers developed by the community.

## Community notebooks:

| Notebook     |      Description      |      Author      |      |
|:----------|:-------------|:-------------|------:|
| [Train T5 in Tensorflow 2 ](https://github.com/snapthat/TF-T5-text-to-text) | How to train T5 for any task using Tensorflow 2. This notebook demonstrates a Question & Answer task implemented in Tensorflow 2 using SQUAD | [Muhammad Harris](https://github.com/HarrisDePerceptron) |[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/snapthat/TF-T5-text-to-text/blob/master/snapthatT5/notebooks/TF-T5-Datasets%20Training.ipynb) |
| [Train T5 on TPU](https://github.com/patil-suraj/exploring-T5/blob/master/T5_on_TPU.ipynb)  | How to train T5 on SQUAD with Transformers and Nlp | [Suraj Patil](https://github.com/patil-suraj) |[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/patil-suraj/exploring-T5/blob/master/T5_on_TPU.ipynb#scrollTo=QLGiFCDqvuil) |
| [Fine-tune T5 for Classification and Multiple Choice](https://github.com/patil-suraj/exploring-T5/blob/master/t5_fine_tuning.ipynb)  | How to fine-tune T5 for classification and multiple choice tasks using a text-to-text format with PyTorch Lightning |  [Suraj Patil](https://github.com/patil-suraj) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/patil-suraj/exploring-T5/blob/master/t5_fine_tuning.ipynb) |
| [Fine-tune DialoGPT on New Datasets and Languages](https://github.com/ncoop57/i-am-a-nerd/blob/master/_notebooks/2020-05-12-chatbot-part-1.ipynb)  | How to fine-tune the DialoGPT model on a new dataset for open-dialog conversational chatbots |  [Nathan Cooper](https://github.com/ncoop57) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/ncoop57/i-am-a-nerd/blob/master/_notebooks/2020-05-12-chatbot-part-1.ipynb) |
| [Long Sequence Modeling with Reformer](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten/notebooks/blob/master/PyTorch_Reformer.ipynb)  | How to train on sequences as long as 500,000 tokens with Reformer |  [Patrick von Platen](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/patrickvonplaten/notebooks/blob/master/PyTorch_Reformer.ipynb)  |
| [Fine-tune BART for Summarization](https://github.com/ohmeow/ohmeow_website/blob/master/_notebooks/2020-05-23-text-generation-with-blurr.ipynb) | How to fine-tune BART for summarization with fastai using blurr | [Wayde Gilliam](https://ohmeow.com/) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/ohmeow/ohmeow_website/blob/master/_notebooks/2020-05-23-text-generation-with-blurr.ipynb) |
| [Fine-tune a pre-trained Transformer on anyone's tweets](https://colab.research.google.com/github/borisdayma/huggingtweets/blob/master/huggingtweets-demo.ipynb)  | How to generate tweets in the style of your favorite Twitter account by fine-tune a GPT-2 model |  [Boris Dayma](https://github.com/borisdayma) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/borisdayma/huggingtweets/blob/master/huggingtweets-demo.ipynb) |
| [A Step by Step Guide to Tracking Hugging Face Model Performance](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1NEiqNPhiouu2pPwDAVeFoN4-vTYMz9F8)  | A quick tutorial for training NLP models with HuggingFace and & visualizing their performance with Weights & Biases |  [Jack Morris](https://github.com/jxmorris12) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1NEiqNPhiouu2pPwDAVeFoN4-vTYMz9F8) |
| [Pretrain Longformer](https://github.com/allenai/longformer/blob/master/scripts/convert_model_to_long.ipynb)  | How to build a "long" version of existing pretrained models |  [Iz Beltagy](https://beltagy.net) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/allenai/longformer/blob/master/scripts/convert_model_to_long.ipynb) |
| [Fine-tune Longformer for QA](https://github.com/patil-suraj/Notebooks/blob/master/longformer_qa_training.ipynb) | How to fine-tune longformer model for QA task | [Suraj Patil](https://github.com/patil-suraj) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/patil-suraj/Notebooks/blob/master/longformer_qa_training.ipynb) |
| [Evaluate Model with 🤗nlp](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten/notebooks/blob/master/How_to_evaluate_Longformer_on_TriviaQA_using_NLP.ipynb) | How to evaluate longformer on TriviaQA with `nlp` | [Patrick von Platen](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1m7eTGlPmLRgoPkkA7rkhQdZ9ydpmsdLE?usp=sharing) |
| [Fine-tune T5 for Sentiment Span Extraction](https://github.com/enzoampil/t5-intro/blob/master/t5_qa_training_pytorch_span_extraction.ipynb)  | How to fine-tune T5 for sentiment span extraction using a text-to-text format with PyTorch Lightning |  [Lorenzo Ampil](https://github.com/enzoampil) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/enzoampil/t5-intro/blob/master/t5_qa_training_pytorch_span_extraction.ipynb) |
| [Fine-tune DistilBert for Multiclass Classification](https://github.com/abhimishra91/transformers-tutorials/blob/master/transformers_multiclass_classification.ipynb) | How to fine-tune DistilBert for multiclass classification with PyTorch | [Abhishek Kumar Mishra](https://github.com/abhimishra91) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/abhimishra91/transformers-tutorials/blob/master/transformers_multiclass_classification.ipynb)|
|[Fine-tune BERT for Multi-label Classification](https://github.com/abhimishra91/transformers-tutorials/blob/master/transformers_multi_label_classification.ipynb)|How to fine-tune BERT for multi-label classification using PyTorch|[Abhishek Kumar Mishra](https://github.com/abhimishra91) |[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/abhimishra91/transformers-tutorials/blob/master/transformers_multi_label_classification.ipynb)|
|[Fine-tune T5 for Summarization](https://github.com/abhimishra91/transformers-tutorials/blob/master/transformers_summarization_wandb.ipynb)|How to fine-tune T5 for summarization in PyTorch and track experiments with WandB|[Abhishek Kumar Mishra](https://github.com/abhimishra91) |[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/abhimishra91/transformers-tutorials/blob/master/transformers_summarization_wandb.ipynb)|
|[Speed up Fine-Tuning in Transformers with Dynamic Padding / Bucketing](https://github.com/ELS-RD/transformers-notebook/blob/master/Divide_Hugging_Face_Transformers_training_time_by_2_or_more.ipynb)|How to speed up fine-tuning by a factor of 2 using dynamic padding / bucketing|[Michael Benesty](https://github.com/pommedeterresautee) |[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1CBfRU1zbfu7-ijiOqAAQUA-RJaxfcJoO?usp=sharing)|
|[Pretrain Reformer for Masked Language Modeling](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten/notebooks/blob/master/Reformer_For_Masked_LM.ipynb)| How to train a Reformer model with bi-directional self-attention layers | [Patrick von Platen](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1tzzh0i8PgDQGV3SMFUGxM7_gGae3K-uW?usp=sharing)|
|[Expand and Fine Tune Sci-BERT](https://github.com/lordtt13/word-embeddings/blob/master/COVID-19%20Research%20Data/COVID-SciBERT.ipynb)| How to increase vocabulary of a pretrained SciBERT model from AllenAI on the CORD dataset and pipeline it. | [Tanmay Thakur](https://github.com/lordtt13) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1rqAR40goxbAfez1xvF3hBJphSCsvXmh8)|
|[Fine-tune Electra and interpret with Integrated Gradients](https://github.com/elsanns/xai-nlp-notebooks/blob/master/electra_fine_tune_interpret_captum_ig.ipynb) | How to fine-tune Electra for sentiment analysis and interpret predictions with Captum Integrated Gradients | [Eliza Szczechla](https://elsanns.github.io) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/elsanns/xai-nlp-notebooks/blob/master/electra_fine_tune_interpret_captum_ig.ipynb)|
|[fine-tune a non-English GPT-2 Model with Trainer class](https://github.com/philschmid/fine-tune-GPT-2/blob/master/Fine_tune_a_non_English_GPT_2_Model_with_Huggingface.ipynb) | How to fine-tune a non-English GPT-2 Model with Trainer class | [Philipp Schmid](https://www.philschmid.de) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/philschmid/fine-tune-GPT-2/blob/master/Fine_tune_a_non_English_GPT_2_Model_with_Huggingface.ipynb)|
|[Fine-tune a DistilBERT Model for Multi Label Classification task](https://github.com/DhavalTaunk08/Transformers_scripts/blob/master/Transformers_multilabel_distilbert.ipynb) | How to fine-tune a DistilBERT Model for Multi Label Classification task | [Dhaval Taunk](https://github.com/DhavalTaunk08) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/DhavalTaunk08/Transformers_scripts/blob/master/Transformers_multilabel_distilbert.ipynb)|
|[Fine-tune ALBERT for sentence-pair classification](https://github.com/NadirEM/nlp-notebooks/blob/master/Fine_tune_ALBERT_sentence_pair_classification.ipynb) | How to fine-tune an ALBERT model or another BERT-based model for the sentence-pair classification task | [Nadir El Manouzi](https://github.com/NadirEM) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/NadirEM/nlp-notebooks/blob/master/Fine_tune_ALBERT_sentence_pair_classification.ipynb)|
|[Fine-tune Roberta for sentiment analysis](https://github.com/DhavalTaunk08/NLP_scripts/blob/master/sentiment_analysis_using_roberta.ipynb) | How to fine-tune an Roberta model for sentiment analysis | [Dhaval Taunk](https://github.com/DhavalTaunk08) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/DhavalTaunk08/NLP_scripts/blob/master/sentiment_analysis_using_roberta.ipynb)|
|[Evaluating Question Generation Models](https://github.com/flexudy-pipe/qugeev) | How accurate are the answers to questions generated by your seq2seq transformer model? | [Pascal Zoleko](https://github.com/zolekode) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1bpsSqCQU-iw_5nNoRm_crPq6FRuJthq_?usp=sharing)|
|[Classify text with DistilBERT and Tensorflow](https://github.com/peterbayerle/huggingface_notebook/blob/main/distilbert_tf.ipynb) | How to fine-tune DistilBERT for text classification in TensorFlow | [Peter Bayerle](https://github.com/peterbayerle) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/peterbayerle/huggingface_notebook/blob/main/distilbert_tf.ipynb)|
|[Leverage BERT for Encoder-Decoder Summarization on CNN/Dailymail](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten/notebooks/blob/master/BERT2BERT_for_CNN_Dailymail.ipynb) | How to warm-start a *EncoderDecoderModel* with a *bert-base-uncased* checkpoint for summarization on CNN/Dailymail | [Patrick von Platen](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/patrickvonplaten/notebooks/blob/master/BERT2BERT_for_CNN_Dailymail.ipynb)|
|[Leverage RoBERTa for Encoder-Decoder Summarization on BBC XSum](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten/notebooks/blob/master/RoBERTaShared_for_BBC_XSum.ipynb) | How to warm-start a shared *EncoderDecoderModel* with a *roberta-base* checkpoint for summarization on BBC/XSum | [Patrick von Platen](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/patrickvonplaten/notebooks/blob/master/RoBERTaShared_for_BBC_XSum.ipynb)|
|[Fine-tune TAPAS on Sequential Question Answering (SQA)](https://github.com/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/blob/master/TAPAS/Fine_tuning_TapasForQuestionAnswering_on_SQA.ipynb) | How to fine-tune *TapasForQuestionAnswering* with a *tapas-base* checkpoint on the Sequential Question Answering (SQA) dataset | [Niels Rogge](https://github.com/nielsrogge) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/blob/master/TAPAS/Fine_tuning_TapasForQuestionAnswering_on_SQA.ipynb)|
|[Evaluate TAPAS on Table Fact Checking (TabFact)](https://github.com/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/blob/master/TAPAS/Evaluating_TAPAS_on_the_Tabfact_test_set.ipynb) | How to evaluate a fine-tuned *TapasForSequenceClassification* with a *tapas-base-finetuned-tabfact* checkpoint using a combination of the 🤗 datasets and 🤗 transformers libraries | [Niels Rogge](https://github.com/nielsrogge) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/blob/master/TAPAS/Evaluating_TAPAS_on_the_Tabfact_test_set.ipynb)|
|[Fine-tuning mBART for translation](https://colab.research.google.com/github/vasudevgupta7/huggingface-tutorials/blob/main/translation_training.ipynb) | How to fine-tune mBART using Seq2SeqTrainer for Hindi to English translation | [Vasudev Gupta](https://github.com/vasudevgupta7) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/vasudevgupta7/huggingface-tutorials/blob/main/translation_training.ipynb)|
|[Fine-tune LayoutLM on FUNSD (a form understanding dataset)](https://github.com/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/blob/master/LayoutLM/Fine_tuning_LayoutLMForTokenClassification_on_FUNSD.ipynb) | How to fine-tune *LayoutLMForTokenClassification* on the FUNSD dataset for information extraction from scanned documents | [Niels Rogge](https://github.com/nielsrogge) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/blob/master/LayoutLM/Fine_tuning_LayoutLMForTokenClassification_on_FUNSD.ipynb)|
|[Fine-Tune DistilGPT2 and Generate Text](https://colab.research.google.com/github/tripathiaakash/DistilGPT2-Tutorial/blob/main/distilgpt2_fine_tuning.ipynb) | How to fine-tune DistilGPT2 and generate text | [Aakash Tripathi](https://github.com/tripathiaakash) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/tripathiaakash/DistilGPT2-Tutorial/blob/main/distilgpt2_fine_tuning.ipynb)|
|[Fine-Tune LED on up to 8K tokens](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten/notebooks/blob/master/Fine_tune_Longformer_Encoder_Decoder_(LED)_for_Summarization_on_pubmed.ipynb) | How to fine-tune LED on pubmed for long-range summarization | [Patrick von Platen](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/patrickvonplaten/notebooks/blob/master/Fine_tune_Longformer_Encoder_Decoder_(LED)_for_Summarization_on_pubmed.ipynb)|
|[Evaluate LED on Arxiv](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten/notebooks/blob/master/LED_on_Arxiv.ipynb) | How to effectively evaluate LED on long-range summarization | [Patrick von Platen](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/patrickvonplaten/notebooks/blob/master/LED_on_Arxiv.ipynb)|
|[Fine-tune LayoutLM on RVL-CDIP (a document image classification dataset)](https://github.com/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/blob/master/LayoutLM/Fine_tuning_LayoutLMForSequenceClassification_on_RVL_CDIP.ipynb) | How to fine-tune *LayoutLMForSequenceClassification* on the RVL-CDIP dataset for scanned document classification | [Niels Rogge](https://github.com/nielsrogge) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/blob/master/LayoutLM/Fine_tuning_LayoutLMForSequenceClassification_on_RVL_CDIP.ipynb)|

Commit message:

Adds flashcards to Glossary & makes small corrections (#8949)
* fix: Makes small typo corrections & standardises glossary

* feat: Adds introduction & links to transformer flashcards

* feat: Adds attribution & adjustments requested in #8949

* feat: Adds flashcards to community.md

* refactor: Removes flashcards from glossary

docs/source/community.md, after:

# Community

This page regroups resources around 🤗 Transformers developed by the community.

## Community resources:
| Resource     |      Description      |      Author      |
|:----------|:-------------|------:|
| [Hugging Face Transformers Glossary Flashcards](https://www.darigovresearch.com/huggingface-transformers-glossary-flashcards) | A set of flashcards based on the [Transformers Docs Glossary](https://huggingface.co/transformers/master/glossary.html) that has been put into a form which can be easily learnt/revised using [Anki ](https://apps.ankiweb.net/) an open source, cross platform app specifically designed for long term knowledge retention. See this [Introductory video on how to use the flashcards](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dji_h7PILrw). | [Darigov Research](https://www.darigovresearch.com/) |

## Community notebooks:

| Notebook     |      Description      |      Author      |      |
|:----------|:-------------|:-------------|------:|
| [Train T5 in Tensorflow 2 ](https://github.com/snapthat/TF-T5-text-to-text) | How to train T5 for any task using Tensorflow 2. This notebook demonstrates a Question & Answer task implemented in Tensorflow 2 using SQUAD | [Muhammad Harris](https://github.com/HarrisDePerceptron) |[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/snapthat/TF-T5-text-to-text/blob/master/snapthatT5/notebooks/TF-T5-Datasets%20Training.ipynb) |
| [Train T5 on TPU](https://github.com/patil-suraj/exploring-T5/blob/master/T5_on_TPU.ipynb)  | How to train T5 on SQUAD with Transformers and Nlp | [Suraj Patil](https://github.com/patil-suraj) |[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/patil-suraj/exploring-T5/blob/master/T5_on_TPU.ipynb#scrollTo=QLGiFCDqvuil) |
| [Fine-tune T5 for Classification and Multiple Choice](https://github.com/patil-suraj/exploring-T5/blob/master/t5_fine_tuning.ipynb)  | How to fine-tune T5 for classification and multiple choice tasks using a text-to-text format with PyTorch Lightning |  [Suraj Patil](https://github.com/patil-suraj) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/patil-suraj/exploring-T5/blob/master/t5_fine_tuning.ipynb) |
| [Fine-tune DialoGPT on New Datasets and Languages](https://github.com/ncoop57/i-am-a-nerd/blob/master/_notebooks/2020-05-12-chatbot-part-1.ipynb)  | How to fine-tune the DialoGPT model on a new dataset for open-dialog conversational chatbots |  [Nathan Cooper](https://github.com/ncoop57) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/ncoop57/i-am-a-nerd/blob/master/_notebooks/2020-05-12-chatbot-part-1.ipynb) |
| [Long Sequence Modeling with Reformer](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten/notebooks/blob/master/PyTorch_Reformer.ipynb)  | How to train on sequences as long as 500,000 tokens with Reformer |  [Patrick von Platen](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/patrickvonplaten/notebooks/blob/master/PyTorch_Reformer.ipynb)  |
| [Fine-tune BART for Summarization](https://github.com/ohmeow/ohmeow_website/blob/master/_notebooks/2020-05-23-text-generation-with-blurr.ipynb) | How to fine-tune BART for summarization with fastai using blurr | [Wayde Gilliam](https://ohmeow.com/) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/ohmeow/ohmeow_website/blob/master/_notebooks/2020-05-23-text-generation-with-blurr.ipynb) |
| [Fine-tune a pre-trained Transformer on anyone's tweets](https://colab.research.google.com/github/borisdayma/huggingtweets/blob/master/huggingtweets-demo.ipynb)  | How to generate tweets in the style of your favorite Twitter account by fine-tune a GPT-2 model |  [Boris Dayma](https://github.com/borisdayma) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/borisdayma/huggingtweets/blob/master/huggingtweets-demo.ipynb) |
| [A Step by Step Guide to Tracking Hugging Face Model Performance](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1NEiqNPhiouu2pPwDAVeFoN4-vTYMz9F8)  | A quick tutorial for training NLP models with HuggingFace and & visualizing their performance with Weights & Biases |  [Jack Morris](https://github.com/jxmorris12) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1NEiqNPhiouu2pPwDAVeFoN4-vTYMz9F8) |
| [Pretrain Longformer](https://github.com/allenai/longformer/blob/master/scripts/convert_model_to_long.ipynb)  | How to build a "long" version of existing pretrained models |  [Iz Beltagy](https://beltagy.net) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/allenai/longformer/blob/master/scripts/convert_model_to_long.ipynb) |
| [Fine-tune Longformer for QA](https://github.com/patil-suraj/Notebooks/blob/master/longformer_qa_training.ipynb) | How to fine-tune longformer model for QA task | [Suraj Patil](https://github.com/patil-suraj) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/patil-suraj/Notebooks/blob/master/longformer_qa_training.ipynb) |
| [Evaluate Model with 🤗nlp](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten/notebooks/blob/master/How_to_evaluate_Longformer_on_TriviaQA_using_NLP.ipynb) | How to evaluate longformer on TriviaQA with `nlp` | [Patrick von Platen](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1m7eTGlPmLRgoPkkA7rkhQdZ9ydpmsdLE?usp=sharing) |
| [Fine-tune T5 for Sentiment Span Extraction](https://github.com/enzoampil/t5-intro/blob/master/t5_qa_training_pytorch_span_extraction.ipynb)  | How to fine-tune T5 for sentiment span extraction using a text-to-text format with PyTorch Lightning |  [Lorenzo Ampil](https://github.com/enzoampil) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/enzoampil/t5-intro/blob/master/t5_qa_training_pytorch_span_extraction.ipynb) |
| [Fine-tune DistilBert for Multiclass Classification](https://github.com/abhimishra91/transformers-tutorials/blob/master/transformers_multiclass_classification.ipynb) | How to fine-tune DistilBert for multiclass classification with PyTorch | [Abhishek Kumar Mishra](https://github.com/abhimishra91) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/abhimishra91/transformers-tutorials/blob/master/transformers_multiclass_classification.ipynb)|
|[Fine-tune BERT for Multi-label Classification](https://github.com/abhimishra91/transformers-tutorials/blob/master/transformers_multi_label_classification.ipynb)|How to fine-tune BERT for multi-label classification using PyTorch|[Abhishek Kumar Mishra](https://github.com/abhimishra91) |[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/abhimishra91/transformers-tutorials/blob/master/transformers_multi_label_classification.ipynb)|
|[Fine-tune T5 for Summarization](https://github.com/abhimishra91/transformers-tutorials/blob/master/transformers_summarization_wandb.ipynb)|How to fine-tune T5 for summarization in PyTorch and track experiments with WandB|[Abhishek Kumar Mishra](https://github.com/abhimishra91) |[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/abhimishra91/transformers-tutorials/blob/master/transformers_summarization_wandb.ipynb)|
|[Speed up Fine-Tuning in Transformers with Dynamic Padding / Bucketing](https://github.com/ELS-RD/transformers-notebook/blob/master/Divide_Hugging_Face_Transformers_training_time_by_2_or_more.ipynb)|How to speed up fine-tuning by a factor of 2 using dynamic padding / bucketing|[Michael Benesty](https://github.com/pommedeterresautee) |[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1CBfRU1zbfu7-ijiOqAAQUA-RJaxfcJoO?usp=sharing)|
|[Pretrain Reformer for Masked Language Modeling](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten/notebooks/blob/master/Reformer_For_Masked_LM.ipynb)| How to train a Reformer model with bi-directional self-attention layers | [Patrick von Platen](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1tzzh0i8PgDQGV3SMFUGxM7_gGae3K-uW?usp=sharing)|
|[Expand and Fine Tune Sci-BERT](https://github.com/lordtt13/word-embeddings/blob/master/COVID-19%20Research%20Data/COVID-SciBERT.ipynb)| How to increase vocabulary of a pretrained SciBERT model from AllenAI on the CORD dataset and pipeline it. | [Tanmay Thakur](https://github.com/lordtt13) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1rqAR40goxbAfez1xvF3hBJphSCsvXmh8)|
|[Fine-tune Electra and interpret with Integrated Gradients](https://github.com/elsanns/xai-nlp-notebooks/blob/master/electra_fine_tune_interpret_captum_ig.ipynb) | How to fine-tune Electra for sentiment analysis and interpret predictions with Captum Integrated Gradients | [Eliza Szczechla](https://elsanns.github.io) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/elsanns/xai-nlp-notebooks/blob/master/electra_fine_tune_interpret_captum_ig.ipynb)|
|[fine-tune a non-English GPT-2 Model with Trainer class](https://github.com/philschmid/fine-tune-GPT-2/blob/master/Fine_tune_a_non_English_GPT_2_Model_with_Huggingface.ipynb) | How to fine-tune a non-English GPT-2 Model with Trainer class | [Philipp Schmid](https://www.philschmid.de) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/philschmid/fine-tune-GPT-2/blob/master/Fine_tune_a_non_English_GPT_2_Model_with_Huggingface.ipynb)|
|[Fine-tune a DistilBERT Model for Multi Label Classification task](https://github.com/DhavalTaunk08/Transformers_scripts/blob/master/Transformers_multilabel_distilbert.ipynb) | How to fine-tune a DistilBERT Model for Multi Label Classification task | [Dhaval Taunk](https://github.com/DhavalTaunk08) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/DhavalTaunk08/Transformers_scripts/blob/master/Transformers_multilabel_distilbert.ipynb)|
|[Fine-tune ALBERT for sentence-pair classification](https://github.com/NadirEM/nlp-notebooks/blob/master/Fine_tune_ALBERT_sentence_pair_classification.ipynb) | How to fine-tune an ALBERT model or another BERT-based model for the sentence-pair classification task | [Nadir El Manouzi](https://github.com/NadirEM) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/NadirEM/nlp-notebooks/blob/master/Fine_tune_ALBERT_sentence_pair_classification.ipynb)|
|[Fine-tune Roberta for sentiment analysis](https://github.com/DhavalTaunk08/NLP_scripts/blob/master/sentiment_analysis_using_roberta.ipynb) | How to fine-tune an Roberta model for sentiment analysis | [Dhaval Taunk](https://github.com/DhavalTaunk08) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/DhavalTaunk08/NLP_scripts/blob/master/sentiment_analysis_using_roberta.ipynb)|
|[Evaluating Question Generation Models](https://github.com/flexudy-pipe/qugeev) | How accurate are the answers to questions generated by your seq2seq transformer model? | [Pascal Zoleko](https://github.com/zolekode) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1bpsSqCQU-iw_5nNoRm_crPq6FRuJthq_?usp=sharing)|
|[Classify text with DistilBERT and Tensorflow](https://github.com/peterbayerle/huggingface_notebook/blob/main/distilbert_tf.ipynb) | How to fine-tune DistilBERT for text classification in TensorFlow | [Peter Bayerle](https://github.com/peterbayerle) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/peterbayerle/huggingface_notebook/blob/main/distilbert_tf.ipynb)|
|[Leverage BERT for Encoder-Decoder Summarization on CNN/Dailymail](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten/notebooks/blob/master/BERT2BERT_for_CNN_Dailymail.ipynb) | How to warm-start a *EncoderDecoderModel* with a *bert-base-uncased* checkpoint for summarization on CNN/Dailymail | [Patrick von Platen](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/patrickvonplaten/notebooks/blob/master/BERT2BERT_for_CNN_Dailymail.ipynb)|
|[Leverage RoBERTa for Encoder-Decoder Summarization on BBC XSum](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten/notebooks/blob/master/RoBERTaShared_for_BBC_XSum.ipynb) | How to warm-start a shared *EncoderDecoderModel* with a *roberta-base* checkpoint for summarization on BBC/XSum | [Patrick von Platen](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/patrickvonplaten/notebooks/blob/master/RoBERTaShared_for_BBC_XSum.ipynb)|
|[Fine-tune TAPAS on Sequential Question Answering (SQA)](https://github.com/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/blob/master/TAPAS/Fine_tuning_TapasForQuestionAnswering_on_SQA.ipynb) | How to fine-tune *TapasForQuestionAnswering* with a *tapas-base* checkpoint on the Sequential Question Answering (SQA) dataset | [Niels Rogge](https://github.com/nielsrogge) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/blob/master/TAPAS/Fine_tuning_TapasForQuestionAnswering_on_SQA.ipynb)|
|[Evaluate TAPAS on Table Fact Checking (TabFact)](https://github.com/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/blob/master/TAPAS/Evaluating_TAPAS_on_the_Tabfact_test_set.ipynb) | How to evaluate a fine-tuned *TapasForSequenceClassification* with a *tapas-base-finetuned-tabfact* checkpoint using a combination of the 🤗 datasets and 🤗 transformers libraries | [Niels Rogge](https://github.com/nielsrogge) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/blob/master/TAPAS/Evaluating_TAPAS_on_the_Tabfact_test_set.ipynb)|
|[Fine-tuning mBART for translation](https://colab.research.google.com/github/vasudevgupta7/huggingface-tutorials/blob/main/translation_training.ipynb) | How to fine-tune mBART using Seq2SeqTrainer for Hindi to English translation | [Vasudev Gupta](https://github.com/vasudevgupta7) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/vasudevgupta7/huggingface-tutorials/blob/main/translation_training.ipynb)|
|[Fine-tune LayoutLM on FUNSD (a form understanding dataset)](https://github.com/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/blob/master/LayoutLM/Fine_tuning_LayoutLMForTokenClassification_on_FUNSD.ipynb) | How to fine-tune *LayoutLMForTokenClassification* on the FUNSD dataset for information extraction from scanned documents | [Niels Rogge](https://github.com/nielsrogge) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/blob/master/LayoutLM/Fine_tuning_LayoutLMForTokenClassification_on_FUNSD.ipynb)|
|[Fine-Tune DistilGPT2 and Generate Text](https://colab.research.google.com/github/tripathiaakash/DistilGPT2-Tutorial/blob/main/distilgpt2_fine_tuning.ipynb) | How to fine-tune DistilGPT2 and generate text | [Aakash Tripathi](https://github.com/tripathiaakash) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/tripathiaakash/DistilGPT2-Tutorial/blob/main/distilgpt2_fine_tuning.ipynb)|
|[Fine-Tune LED on up to 8K tokens](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten/notebooks/blob/master/Fine_tune_Longformer_Encoder_Decoder_(LED)_for_Summarization_on_pubmed.ipynb) | How to fine-tune LED on pubmed for long-range summarization | [Patrick von Platen](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/patrickvonplaten/notebooks/blob/master/Fine_tune_Longformer_Encoder_Decoder_(LED)_for_Summarization_on_pubmed.ipynb)|
|[Evaluate LED on Arxiv](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten/notebooks/blob/master/LED_on_Arxiv.ipynb) | How to effectively evaluate LED on long-range summarization | [Patrick von Platen](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/patrickvonplaten/notebooks/blob/master/LED_on_Arxiv.ipynb)|
|[Fine-tune LayoutLM on RVL-CDIP (a document image classification dataset)](https://github.com/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/blob/master/LayoutLM/Fine_tuning_LayoutLMForSequenceClassification_on_RVL_CDIP.ipynb) | How to fine-tune *LayoutLMForSequenceClassification* on the RVL-CDIP dataset for scanned document classification | [Niels Rogge](https://github.com/nielsrogge) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/blob/master/LayoutLM/Fine_tuning_LayoutLMForSequenceClassification_on_RVL_CDIP.ipynb)|
