docs/source/main_classes/feature_extractor.rst, before:

.. 
    Copyright 2021 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
    an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.


Feature Extractor
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A feature extractor is in charge of preparing read-in audio files for a speech model. This includes feature extraction,
such as processing audio files to, *e.g.*, Log-Mel Spectrogram features, but also padding, normalization, and
conversion to Numpy, PyTorch, and TensorFlow tensors.


PreTrainedFeatureExtractor
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.PreTrainedFeatureExtractor
    :members: from_pretrained, save_pretrained, pad


BatchFeature
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.BatchFeature
    :members:

Commit message:

[FeatureExtractorSavingUtils] Refactor PretrainedFeatureExtractor (#10594)
* save first version

* finish refactor

* finish refactor

* correct naming

* correct naming

* shorter names

* Update src/transformers/feature_extraction_common_utils.py

Co-authored-by: Lysandre Debut <lysandre@huggingface.co>

* change name

* finish

Co-authored-by: Lysandre Debut <lysandre@huggingface.co>

docs/source/main_classes/feature_extractor.rst, after:

.. 
    Copyright 2021 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
    an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.


Feature Extractor
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A feature extractor is in charge of preparing input features for a multi-modal model. This includes feature extraction
from sequences, *e.g.*, pre-processing audio files to Log-Mel Spectrogram features, feature extraction from images
*e.g.* cropping image image files, but also padding, normalization, and conversion to Numpy, PyTorch, and TensorFlow
tensors.


FeatureExtractionMixin
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.feature_extraction_utils.FeatureExtractionMixin
    :members: from_pretrained, save_pretrained


SequenceFeatureExtractor
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.SequenceFeatureExtractor
    :members: pad


BatchFeature
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.BatchFeature
    :members:
