docs/source/main_classes/model.rst, before:

.. 
    Copyright 2020 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
    an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

Models
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The base classes :class:`~transformers.PreTrainedModel` and :class:`~transformers.TFPreTrainedModel` implement the
common methods for loading/saving a model either from a local file or directory, or from a pretrained model
configuration provided by the library (downloaded from HuggingFace's AWS S3 repository).

:class:`~transformers.PreTrainedModel` and :class:`~transformers.TFPreTrainedModel` also implement a few methods which
are common among all the models to:

- resize the input token embeddings when new tokens are added to the vocabulary
- prune the attention heads of the model.

The other methods that are common to each model are defined in :class:`~transformers.modeling_utils.ModuleUtilsMixin`
(for the PyTorch models) and :class:`~transformers.modeling_tf_utils.TFModuleUtilsMixin` (for the TensorFlow models) or
for text generation, :class:`~transformers.generation_utils.GenerationMixin` (for the PyTorch models) and
:class:`~transformers.generation_tf_utils.TFGenerationMixin` (for the TensorFlow models)


PreTrainedModel
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.PreTrainedModel
    :members:


ModuleUtilsMixin
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.modeling_utils.ModuleUtilsMixin
    :members:


TFPreTrainedModel
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.TFPreTrainedModel
    :members:


TFModelUtilsMixin
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.modeling_tf_utils.TFModelUtilsMixin
    :members:


Generation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.generation_utils.GenerationMixin
    :members:

.. autoclass:: transformers.generation_tf_utils.TFGenerationMixin
    :members:

Commit message:

[Flax] Align FlaxBertForMaskedLM with BertForMaskedLM, implement from_pretrained, init (#9054)
* save intermediate

* save intermediate

* save intermediate

* correct flax bert model file

* new module / model naming

* make style

* almost finish BERT

* finish roberta

* make fix-copies

* delete keys file

* last refactor

* fixes in run_mlm_flax.py

* remove pooled from run_mlm_flax.py`

* fix gelu | gelu_new

* remove Module from inits

* splits

* dirty print

* preventing warmup_steps == 0

* smaller splits

* make fix-copies

* dirty print

* dirty print

* initial_evaluation argument

* declaration order fix

* proper model initialization/loading

* proper initialization

* run_mlm_flax improvements: improper model inputs bugfix + automatic dataset splitting + tokenizers parallelism warning + avoiding warmup_steps=0 bug

* removed tokenizers warning hack, fixed model re-initialization

* reverted training_args.py changes

* fix flax from pretrained

* improve test in flax

* apply sylvains tips

* update init

* make 0.3.0 compatible

* revert tevens changes

* revert tevens changes 2

* finalize revert

* fix bug

* add docs

* add pretrained to init

* Update src/transformers/modeling_flax_utils.py

* fix copies

* final improvements

Co-authored-by: TevenLeScao <teven.lescao@gmail.com>

docs/source/main_classes/model.rst, after:

.. 
    Copyright 2020 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
    an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

Models
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The base classes :class:`~transformers.PreTrainedModel`, :class:`~transformers.TFPreTrainedModel`, and
:class:`~transformers.FlaxPreTrainedModel` implement the common methods for loading/saving a model either from a local
file or directory, or from a pretrained model configuration provided by the library (downloaded from HuggingFace's AWS
S3 repository).

:class:`~transformers.PreTrainedModel` and :class:`~transformers.TFPreTrainedModel` also implement a few methods which
are common among all the models to:

- resize the input token embeddings when new tokens are added to the vocabulary
- prune the attention heads of the model.

The other methods that are common to each model are defined in :class:`~transformers.modeling_utils.ModuleUtilsMixin`
(for the PyTorch models) and :class:`~transformers.modeling_tf_utils.TFModuleUtilsMixin` (for the TensorFlow models) or
for text generation, :class:`~transformers.generation_utils.GenerationMixin` (for the PyTorch models) and
:class:`~transformers.generation_tf_utils.TFGenerationMixin` (for the TensorFlow models)


PreTrainedModel
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.PreTrainedModel
    :members:


ModuleUtilsMixin
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.modeling_utils.ModuleUtilsMixin
    :members:


TFPreTrainedModel
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.TFPreTrainedModel
    :members:


TFModelUtilsMixin
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.modeling_tf_utils.TFModelUtilsMixin
    :members:


FlaxPreTrainedModel
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.FlaxPreTrainedModel
    :members:


Generation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.generation_utils.GenerationMixin
    :members:

.. autoclass:: transformers.generation_tf_utils.TFGenerationMixin
    :members:
