docs/source/en/model_doc/cvt.mdx, before:

<!--Copyright 2022 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# Convolutional Vision Transformer (CvT)

## Overview

The CvT model was proposed in [CvT: Introducing Convolutions to Vision Transformers](https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.15808) by Haiping Wu, Bin Xiao, Noel Codella, Mengchen Liu, Xiyang Dai, Lu Yuan and Lei Zhang. The Convolutional vision Transformer (CvT) improves the [Vision Transformer (ViT)](vit) in performance and efficiency by introducing convolutions into ViT to yield the best of both designs.

The abstract from the paper is the following:

*We present in this paper a new architecture, named Convolutional vision Transformer (CvT), that improves Vision Transformer (ViT) 
in performance and efficiency by introducing convolutions into ViT to yield the best of both designs. This is accomplished through 
two primary modifications: a hierarchy of Transformers containing a new convolutional token embedding, and a convolutional Transformer 
block leveraging a convolutional projection. These changes introduce desirable properties of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) 
to the ViT architecture (\ie shift, scale, and distortion invariance) while maintaining the merits of Transformers (\ie dynamic attention, 
global context, and better generalization). We validate CvT by conducting extensive experiments, showing that this approach achieves 
state-of-the-art performance over other Vision Transformers and ResNets on ImageNet-1k, with fewer parameters and lower FLOPs. In addition, 
performance gains are maintained when pretrained on larger datasets (\eg ImageNet-22k) and fine-tuned to downstream tasks. Pre-trained on 
ImageNet-22k, our CvT-W24 obtains a top-1 accuracy of 87.7\% on the ImageNet-1k val set. Finally, our results show that the positional encoding, 
a crucial component in existing Vision Transformers, can be safely removed in our model, simplifying the design for higher resolution vision tasks.*

Tips:

- CvT models are regular Vision Transformers, but trained with convolutions. They outperform the [original model (ViT)](vit) when fine-tuned on ImageNet-1K and CIFAR-100.
- You can check out demo notebooks regarding inference as well as fine-tuning on custom data [here](https://github.com/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/tree/master/VisionTransformer) (you can just replace [`ViTFeatureExtractor`] by [`AutoImageProcessor`] and [`ViTForImageClassification`] by [`CvtForImageClassification`]).
- The available checkpoints are either (1) pre-trained on [ImageNet-22k](http://www.image-net.org/) (a collection of 14 million images and 22k classes) only, (2) also fine-tuned on ImageNet-22k or (3) also fine-tuned on [ImageNet-1k](http://www.image-net.org/challenges/LSVRC/2012/) (also referred to as ILSVRC 2012, a collection of 1.3 million
  images and 1,000 classes).

This model was contributed by [anugunj](https://huggingface.co/anugunj). The original code can be found [here](https://github.com/microsoft/CvT).

## CvtConfig

[[autodoc]] CvtConfig

## CvtModel

[[autodoc]] CvtModel
    - forward

## CvtForImageClassification

[[autodoc]] CvtForImageClassification
    - forward

## TFCvtModel

[[autodoc]] TFCvtModel
    - call

## TFCvtForImageClassification

[[autodoc]] TFCvtForImageClassification
    - call

Commit message:

Add batch of resources (#20647)
* Add resources

* Add more resources

* Add more resources

* Add TAPAS

* Fix pipeline tag

* Fix pipeline tags

* Remove pipeline tag

* Remove depth-estimation tag

* Update docs/source/en/model_doc/segformer.mdx

Co-authored-by: Maria Khalusova <kafooster@gmail.com>

* Apply suggestion

* Fix segformer

Co-authored-by: Niels Rogge <nielsrogge@Nielss-MacBook-Pro.local>
Co-authored-by: Maria Khalusova <kafooster@gmail.com>

docs/source/en/model_doc/cvt.mdx, after:

<!--Copyright 2022 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# Convolutional Vision Transformer (CvT)

## Overview

The CvT model was proposed in [CvT: Introducing Convolutions to Vision Transformers](https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.15808) by Haiping Wu, Bin Xiao, Noel Codella, Mengchen Liu, Xiyang Dai, Lu Yuan and Lei Zhang. The Convolutional vision Transformer (CvT) improves the [Vision Transformer (ViT)](vit) in performance and efficiency by introducing convolutions into ViT to yield the best of both designs.

The abstract from the paper is the following:

*We present in this paper a new architecture, named Convolutional vision Transformer (CvT), that improves Vision Transformer (ViT) 
in performance and efficiency by introducing convolutions into ViT to yield the best of both designs. This is accomplished through 
two primary modifications: a hierarchy of Transformers containing a new convolutional token embedding, and a convolutional Transformer 
block leveraging a convolutional projection. These changes introduce desirable properties of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) 
to the ViT architecture (\ie shift, scale, and distortion invariance) while maintaining the merits of Transformers (\ie dynamic attention, 
global context, and better generalization). We validate CvT by conducting extensive experiments, showing that this approach achieves 
state-of-the-art performance over other Vision Transformers and ResNets on ImageNet-1k, with fewer parameters and lower FLOPs. In addition, 
performance gains are maintained when pretrained on larger datasets (\eg ImageNet-22k) and fine-tuned to downstream tasks. Pre-trained on 
ImageNet-22k, our CvT-W24 obtains a top-1 accuracy of 87.7\% on the ImageNet-1k val set. Finally, our results show that the positional encoding, 
a crucial component in existing Vision Transformers, can be safely removed in our model, simplifying the design for higher resolution vision tasks.*

Tips:

- CvT models are regular Vision Transformers, but trained with convolutions. They outperform the [original model (ViT)](vit) when fine-tuned on ImageNet-1K and CIFAR-100.
- You can check out demo notebooks regarding inference as well as fine-tuning on custom data [here](https://github.com/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/tree/master/VisionTransformer) (you can just replace [`ViTFeatureExtractor`] by [`AutoImageProcessor`] and [`ViTForImageClassification`] by [`CvtForImageClassification`]).
- The available checkpoints are either (1) pre-trained on [ImageNet-22k](http://www.image-net.org/) (a collection of 14 million images and 22k classes) only, (2) also fine-tuned on ImageNet-22k or (3) also fine-tuned on [ImageNet-1k](http://www.image-net.org/challenges/LSVRC/2012/) (also referred to as ILSVRC 2012, a collection of 1.3 million
  images and 1,000 classes).

This model was contributed by [anugunj](https://huggingface.co/anugunj). The original code can be found [here](https://github.com/microsoft/CvT).

## Resources

A list of official Hugging Face and community (indicated by 🌎) resources to help you get started with CvT.

<PipelineTag pipeline="image-classification"/>

- [`CvtForImageClassification`] is supported by this [example script](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/pytorch/image-classification) and [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/github/huggingface/notebooks/blob/main/examples/image_classification.ipynb).

If you're interested in submitting a resource to be included here, please feel free to open a Pull Request and we'll review it! The resource should ideally demonstrate something new instead of duplicating an existing resource.

## CvtConfig

[[autodoc]] CvtConfig

## CvtModel

[[autodoc]] CvtModel
    - forward

## CvtForImageClassification

[[autodoc]] CvtForImageClassification
    - forward

## TFCvtModel

[[autodoc]] TFCvtModel
    - call

## TFCvtForImageClassification

[[autodoc]] TFCvtForImageClassification
    - call
