docs/source/en/model_doc/dinat.mdx, before:

<!--Copyright 2022 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# Dilated Neighborhood Attention Transformer

## Overview

DiNAT was proposed in [Dilated Neighborhood Attention Transformer](https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.15001)
by Ali Hassani and Humphrey Shi.

It extends [NAT](nat) by adding a Dilated Neighborhood Attention pattern to capture global context,
and shows significant performance improvements over it.

The abstract from the paper is the following:

*Transformers are quickly becoming one of the most heavily applied deep learning architectures across modalities,
domains, and tasks. In vision, on top of ongoing efforts into plain transformers, hierarchical transformers have
also gained significant attention, thanks to their performance and easy integration into existing frameworks.
These models typically employ localized attention mechanisms, such as the sliding-window Neighborhood Attention (NA)
or Swin Transformer's Shifted Window Self Attention. While effective at reducing self attention's quadratic complexity,
local attention weakens two of the most desirable properties of self attention: long range inter-dependency modeling,
and global receptive field. In this paper, we introduce Dilated Neighborhood Attention (DiNA), a natural, flexible and
efficient extension to NA that can capture more global context and expand receptive fields exponentially at no
additional cost. NA's local attention and DiNA's sparse global attention complement each other, and therefore we
introduce Dilated Neighborhood Attention Transformer (DiNAT), a new hierarchical vision transformer built upon both.
DiNAT variants enjoy significant improvements over strong baselines such as NAT, Swin, and ConvNeXt.
Our large model is faster and ahead of its Swin counterpart by 1.5% box AP in COCO object detection,
1.3% mask AP in COCO instance segmentation, and 1.1% mIoU in ADE20K semantic segmentation.
Paired with new frameworks, our large variant is the new state of the art panoptic segmentation model on COCO (58.2 PQ)
and ADE20K (48.5 PQ), and instance segmentation model on Cityscapes (44.5 AP) and ADE20K (35.4 AP) (no extra data).
It also matches the state of the art specialized semantic segmentation models on ADE20K (58.2 mIoU),
and ranks second on Cityscapes (84.5 mIoU) (no extra data). *

Tips:
- One can use the [`AutoImageProcessor`] API to prepare images for the model.
- DiNAT can be used as a *backbone*. When `output_hidden_states = True`,
it will output both `hidden_states` and `reshaped_hidden_states`. The `reshaped_hidden_states` have a shape of `(batch, num_channels, height, width)` rather than `(batch_size, height, width, num_channels)`.

Notes:
- DiNAT depends on [NATTEN](https://github.com/SHI-Labs/NATTEN/)'s implementation of Neighborhood Attention and Dilated Neighborhood Attention.
You can install it with pre-built wheels for Linux by referring to [shi-labs.com/natten](https://shi-labs.com/natten), or build on your system by running `pip install natten`.
Note that the latter will likely take time to compile. NATTEN does not support Windows devices yet.
- Patch size of 4 is only supported at the moment.

<img
src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/dilated-neighborhood-attention-pattern.jpg"
alt="drawing" width="600"/>

<small> Neighborhood Attention with different dilation values.
Taken from the <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.15001">original paper</a>.</small>

This model was contributed by [Ali Hassani](https://huggingface.co/alihassanijr).
The original code can be found [here](https://github.com/SHI-Labs/Neighborhood-Attention-Transformer).


## DinatConfig

[[autodoc]] DinatConfig


## DinatModel

[[autodoc]] DinatModel
    - forward

## DinatForImageClassification

[[autodoc]] DinatForImageClassification
    - forward

Commit message:

Add batch of resources (#20647)
* Add resources

* Add more resources

* Add more resources

* Add TAPAS

* Fix pipeline tag

* Fix pipeline tags

* Remove pipeline tag

* Remove depth-estimation tag

* Update docs/source/en/model_doc/segformer.mdx

Co-authored-by: Maria Khalusova <kafooster@gmail.com>

* Apply suggestion

* Fix segformer

Co-authored-by: Niels Rogge <nielsrogge@Nielss-MacBook-Pro.local>
Co-authored-by: Maria Khalusova <kafooster@gmail.com>

docs/source/en/model_doc/dinat.mdx, after:

<!--Copyright 2022 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# Dilated Neighborhood Attention Transformer

## Overview

DiNAT was proposed in [Dilated Neighborhood Attention Transformer](https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.15001)
by Ali Hassani and Humphrey Shi.

It extends [NAT](nat) by adding a Dilated Neighborhood Attention pattern to capture global context,
and shows significant performance improvements over it.

The abstract from the paper is the following:

*Transformers are quickly becoming one of the most heavily applied deep learning architectures across modalities,
domains, and tasks. In vision, on top of ongoing efforts into plain transformers, hierarchical transformers have
also gained significant attention, thanks to their performance and easy integration into existing frameworks.
These models typically employ localized attention mechanisms, such as the sliding-window Neighborhood Attention (NA)
or Swin Transformer's Shifted Window Self Attention. While effective at reducing self attention's quadratic complexity,
local attention weakens two of the most desirable properties of self attention: long range inter-dependency modeling,
and global receptive field. In this paper, we introduce Dilated Neighborhood Attention (DiNA), a natural, flexible and
efficient extension to NA that can capture more global context and expand receptive fields exponentially at no
additional cost. NA's local attention and DiNA's sparse global attention complement each other, and therefore we
introduce Dilated Neighborhood Attention Transformer (DiNAT), a new hierarchical vision transformer built upon both.
DiNAT variants enjoy significant improvements over strong baselines such as NAT, Swin, and ConvNeXt.
Our large model is faster and ahead of its Swin counterpart by 1.5% box AP in COCO object detection,
1.3% mask AP in COCO instance segmentation, and 1.1% mIoU in ADE20K semantic segmentation.
Paired with new frameworks, our large variant is the new state of the art panoptic segmentation model on COCO (58.2 PQ)
and ADE20K (48.5 PQ), and instance segmentation model on Cityscapes (44.5 AP) and ADE20K (35.4 AP) (no extra data).
It also matches the state of the art specialized semantic segmentation models on ADE20K (58.2 mIoU),
and ranks second on Cityscapes (84.5 mIoU) (no extra data). *

Tips:
- One can use the [`AutoImageProcessor`] API to prepare images for the model.
- DiNAT can be used as a *backbone*. When `output_hidden_states = True`,
it will output both `hidden_states` and `reshaped_hidden_states`. The `reshaped_hidden_states` have a shape of `(batch, num_channels, height, width)` rather than `(batch_size, height, width, num_channels)`.

Notes:
- DiNAT depends on [NATTEN](https://github.com/SHI-Labs/NATTEN/)'s implementation of Neighborhood Attention and Dilated Neighborhood Attention.
You can install it with pre-built wheels for Linux by referring to [shi-labs.com/natten](https://shi-labs.com/natten), or build on your system by running `pip install natten`.
Note that the latter will likely take time to compile. NATTEN does not support Windows devices yet.
- Patch size of 4 is only supported at the moment.

<img
src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/dilated-neighborhood-attention-pattern.jpg"
alt="drawing" width="600"/>

<small> Neighborhood Attention with different dilation values.
Taken from the <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.15001">original paper</a>.</small>

This model was contributed by [Ali Hassani](https://huggingface.co/alihassanijr).
The original code can be found [here](https://github.com/SHI-Labs/Neighborhood-Attention-Transformer).

## Resources

A list of official Hugging Face and community (indicated by 🌎) resources to help you get started with DiNAT.

<PipelineTag pipeline="image-classification"/>

- [`DinatForImageClassification`] is supported by this [example script](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/pytorch/image-classification) and [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/github/huggingface/notebooks/blob/main/examples/image_classification.ipynb).

If you're interested in submitting a resource to be included here, please feel free to open a Pull Request and we'll review it! The resource should ideally demonstrate something new instead of duplicating an existing resource.

## DinatConfig

[[autodoc]] DinatConfig

## DinatModel

[[autodoc]] DinatModel
    - forward

## DinatForImageClassification

[[autodoc]] DinatForImageClassification
    - forward
