docs/source/en/model_doc/dpt.mdx, before:

<!--Copyright 2022 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# DPT

## Overview

The DPT model was proposed in [Vision Transformers for Dense Prediction](https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13413) by René Ranftl, Alexey Bochkovskiy, Vladlen Koltun.
DPT is a model that leverages the [Vision Transformer (ViT)](vit) as backbone for dense prediction tasks like semantic segmentation and depth estimation.

The abstract from the paper is the following:

*We introduce dense vision transformers, an architecture that leverages vision transformers in place of convolutional networks as a backbone for dense prediction tasks. We assemble tokens from various stages of the vision transformer into image-like representations at various resolutions and progressively combine them into full-resolution predictions using a convolutional decoder. The transformer backbone processes representations at a constant and relatively high resolution and has a global receptive field at every stage. These properties allow the dense vision transformer to provide finer-grained and more globally coherent predictions when compared to fully-convolutional networks. Our experiments show that this architecture yields substantial improvements on dense prediction tasks, especially when a large amount of training data is available. For monocular depth estimation, we observe an improvement of up to 28% in relative performance when compared to a state-of-the-art fully-convolutional network. When applied to semantic segmentation, dense vision transformers set a new state of the art on ADE20K with 49.02% mIoU. We further show that the architecture can be fine-tuned on smaller datasets such as NYUv2, KITTI, and Pascal Context where it also sets the new state of the art.*

<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/dpt_architecture.jpg"
alt="drawing" width="600"/>

<small> DPT architecture. Taken from the <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13413" target="_blank">original paper</a>. </small>

This model was contributed by [nielsr](https://huggingface.co/nielsr). The original code can be found [here](https://github.com/isl-org/DPT).

## DPTConfig

[[autodoc]] DPTConfig


## DPTFeatureExtractor

[[autodoc]] DPTFeatureExtractor
    - __call__
    - post_process_semantic_segmentation


## DPTImageProcessor

[[autodoc]] DPTImageProcessor
    - preprocess
    - post_process_semantic_segmentation


## DPTModel

[[autodoc]] DPTModel
    - forward


## DPTForDepthEstimation

[[autodoc]] DPTForDepthEstimation
    - forward


## DPTForSemanticSegmentation

[[autodoc]] DPTForSemanticSegmentation
    - forward

Commit message:

Add batch of resources (#20647)
* Add resources

* Add more resources

* Add more resources

* Add TAPAS

* Fix pipeline tag

* Fix pipeline tags

* Remove pipeline tag

* Remove depth-estimation tag

* Update docs/source/en/model_doc/segformer.mdx

Co-authored-by: Maria Khalusova <kafooster@gmail.com>

* Apply suggestion

* Fix segformer

Co-authored-by: Niels Rogge <nielsrogge@Nielss-MacBook-Pro.local>
Co-authored-by: Maria Khalusova <kafooster@gmail.com>

docs/source/en/model_doc/dpt.mdx, after:

<!--Copyright 2022 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# DPT

## Overview

The DPT model was proposed in [Vision Transformers for Dense Prediction](https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13413) by René Ranftl, Alexey Bochkovskiy, Vladlen Koltun.
DPT is a model that leverages the [Vision Transformer (ViT)](vit) as backbone for dense prediction tasks like semantic segmentation and depth estimation.

The abstract from the paper is the following:

*We introduce dense vision transformers, an architecture that leverages vision transformers in place of convolutional networks as a backbone for dense prediction tasks. We assemble tokens from various stages of the vision transformer into image-like representations at various resolutions and progressively combine them into full-resolution predictions using a convolutional decoder. The transformer backbone processes representations at a constant and relatively high resolution and has a global receptive field at every stage. These properties allow the dense vision transformer to provide finer-grained and more globally coherent predictions when compared to fully-convolutional networks. Our experiments show that this architecture yields substantial improvements on dense prediction tasks, especially when a large amount of training data is available. For monocular depth estimation, we observe an improvement of up to 28% in relative performance when compared to a state-of-the-art fully-convolutional network. When applied to semantic segmentation, dense vision transformers set a new state of the art on ADE20K with 49.02% mIoU. We further show that the architecture can be fine-tuned on smaller datasets such as NYUv2, KITTI, and Pascal Context where it also sets the new state of the art.*

<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/dpt_architecture.jpg"
alt="drawing" width="600"/>

<small> DPT architecture. Taken from the <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13413" target="_blank">original paper</a>. </small>

This model was contributed by [nielsr](https://huggingface.co/nielsr). The original code can be found [here](https://github.com/isl-org/DPT).

## Resources

A list of official Hugging Face and community (indicated by 🌎) resources to help you get started with DPT.

- Demo notebooks for [`DPTForDepthEstimation`] can be found [here](https://github.com/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/tree/master/DPT).

If you're interested in submitting a resource to be included here, please feel free to open a Pull Request and we'll review it! The resource should ideally demonstrate something new instead of duplicating an existing resource.

## DPTConfig

[[autodoc]] DPTConfig

## DPTFeatureExtractor

[[autodoc]] DPTFeatureExtractor
    - __call__
    - post_process_semantic_segmentation

## DPTImageProcessor

[[autodoc]] DPTImageProcessor
    - preprocess
    - post_process_semantic_segmentation

## DPTModel

[[autodoc]] DPTModel
    - forward

## DPTForDepthEstimation

[[autodoc]] DPTForDepthEstimation
    - forward

## DPTForSemanticSegmentation

[[autodoc]] DPTForSemanticSegmentation
    - forward
