docs/source/en/model_doc/gpt2.mdx, before:

<!--Copyright 2020 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# OpenAI GPT2

## Overview

OpenAI GPT-2 model was proposed in [Language Models are Unsupervised Multitask Learners](https://cdn.openai.com/better-language-models/language_models_are_unsupervised_multitask_learners.pdf) by Alec
Radford, Jeffrey Wu, Rewon Child, David Luan, Dario Amodei and Ilya Sutskever. It's a causal (unidirectional)
transformer pretrained using language modeling on a very large corpus of ~40 GB of text data.

The abstract from the paper is the following:

*GPT-2 is a large transformer-based language model with 1.5 billion parameters, trained on a dataset[1] of 8 million
web pages. GPT-2 is trained with a simple objective: predict the next word, given all of the previous words within some
text. The diversity of the dataset causes this simple goal to contain naturally occurring demonstrations of many tasks
across diverse domains. GPT-2 is a direct scale-up of GPT, with more than 10X the parameters and trained on more than
10X the amount of data.*

Tips:

- GPT-2 is a model with absolute position embeddings so it's usually advised to pad the inputs on the right rather than
  the left.
- GPT-2 was trained with a causal language modeling (CLM) objective and is therefore powerful at predicting the next
  token in a sequence. Leveraging this feature allows GPT-2 to generate syntactically coherent text as it can be
  observed in the *run_generation.py* example script.
- The model can take the *past_key_values* (for PyTorch) or *past* (for TF) as input, which is the previously computed
  key/value attention pairs. Using this (*past_key_values* or *past*) value prevents the model from re-computing
  pre-computed values in the context of text generation. For PyTorch, see *past_key_values* argument of the
  [`GPT2Model.forward`] method, or for TF the *past* argument of the
  [`TFGPT2Model.call`] method for more information on its usage.
- Enabling the *scale_attn_by_inverse_layer_idx* and *reorder_and_upcast_attn* flags will apply the training stability
  improvements from [Mistral](https://github.com/stanford-crfm/mistral/) (for PyTorch only).

[Write With Transformer](https://transformer.huggingface.co/doc/gpt2-large) is a webapp created and hosted by
Hugging Face showcasing the generative capabilities of several models. GPT-2 is one of them and is available in five
different sizes: small, medium, large, xl and a distilled version of the small checkpoint: *distilgpt-2*.

This model was contributed by [thomwolf](https://huggingface.co/thomwolf). The original code can be found [here](https://openai.com/blog/better-language-models/).


## GPT2Config

[[autodoc]] GPT2Config

## GPT2Tokenizer

[[autodoc]] GPT2Tokenizer
    - save_vocabulary

## GPT2TokenizerFast

[[autodoc]] GPT2TokenizerFast

## GPT2 specific outputs

[[autodoc]] models.gpt2.modeling_gpt2.GPT2DoubleHeadsModelOutput

[[autodoc]] models.gpt2.modeling_tf_gpt2.TFGPT2DoubleHeadsModelOutput

## GPT2Model

[[autodoc]] GPT2Model
    - forward
    - parallelize
    - deparallelize

## GPT2LMHeadModel

[[autodoc]] GPT2LMHeadModel
    - forward
    - parallelize
    - deparallelize

## GPT2DoubleHeadsModel

[[autodoc]] GPT2DoubleHeadsModel
    - forward

## GPT2ForSequenceClassification

[[autodoc]] GPT2ForSequenceClassification
    - forward

## GPT2ForTokenClassification

[[autodoc]] GPT2ForTokenClassification
    - forward

## TFGPT2Model

[[autodoc]] TFGPT2Model
    - call

## TFGPT2LMHeadModel

[[autodoc]] TFGPT2LMHeadModel
    - call

## TFGPT2DoubleHeadsModel

[[autodoc]] TFGPT2DoubleHeadsModel
    - call

## TFGPT2ForSequenceClassification

[[autodoc]] TFGPT2ForSequenceClassification
    - call

## TFSequenceClassifierOutputWithPast

[[autodoc]] modeling_tf_outputs.TFSequenceClassifierOutputWithPast

## FlaxGPT2Model

[[autodoc]] FlaxGPT2Model
    - __call__

## FlaxGPT2LMHeadModel

[[autodoc]] FlaxGPT2LMHeadModel
    - __call__

Commit message:

Add GPT2 resources (#19879)
* add resources for gpt2

* add pipeline icons and community resources

docs/source/en/model_doc/gpt2.mdx, after:

<!--Copyright 2020 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# OpenAI GPT2

## Overview

OpenAI GPT-2 model was proposed in [Language Models are Unsupervised Multitask Learners](https://cdn.openai.com/better-language-models/language_models_are_unsupervised_multitask_learners.pdf) by Alec
Radford, Jeffrey Wu, Rewon Child, David Luan, Dario Amodei and Ilya Sutskever. It's a causal (unidirectional)
transformer pretrained using language modeling on a very large corpus of ~40 GB of text data.

The abstract from the paper is the following:

*GPT-2 is a large transformer-based language model with 1.5 billion parameters, trained on a dataset[1] of 8 million
web pages. GPT-2 is trained with a simple objective: predict the next word, given all of the previous words within some
text. The diversity of the dataset causes this simple goal to contain naturally occurring demonstrations of many tasks
across diverse domains. GPT-2 is a direct scale-up of GPT, with more than 10X the parameters and trained on more than
10X the amount of data.*

Tips:

- GPT-2 is a model with absolute position embeddings so it's usually advised to pad the inputs on the right rather than
  the left.
- GPT-2 was trained with a causal language modeling (CLM) objective and is therefore powerful at predicting the next
  token in a sequence. Leveraging this feature allows GPT-2 to generate syntactically coherent text as it can be
  observed in the *run_generation.py* example script.
- The model can take the *past_key_values* (for PyTorch) or *past* (for TF) as input, which is the previously computed
  key/value attention pairs. Using this (*past_key_values* or *past*) value prevents the model from re-computing
  pre-computed values in the context of text generation. For PyTorch, see *past_key_values* argument of the
  [`GPT2Model.forward`] method, or for TF the *past* argument of the
  [`TFGPT2Model.call`] method for more information on its usage.
- Enabling the *scale_attn_by_inverse_layer_idx* and *reorder_and_upcast_attn* flags will apply the training stability
  improvements from [Mistral](https://github.com/stanford-crfm/mistral/) (for PyTorch only).

[Write With Transformer](https://transformer.huggingface.co/doc/gpt2-large) is a webapp created and hosted by
Hugging Face showcasing the generative capabilities of several models. GPT-2 is one of them and is available in five
different sizes: small, medium, large, xl and a distilled version of the small checkpoint: *distilgpt-2*.

This model was contributed by [thomwolf](https://huggingface.co/thomwolf). The original code can be found [here](https://openai.com/blog/better-language-models/).

## Resources

A list of official Hugging Face and community (indicated by 🌎) resources to help you get started with GPT2. If you're interested in submitting a resource to be included here, please feel free to open a Pull Request and we'll review it! The resource should ideally demonstrate something new instead of duplicating an existing resource.

<PipelineTag pipeline="text-generation"/>

- A blog on how to [Finetune a non-English GPT-2 Model with Hugging Face](https://www.philschmid.de/fine-tune-a-non-english-gpt-2-model-with-huggingface).
- A blog on [How to generate text: using different decoding methods for language generation with Transformers](https://huggingface.co/blog/how-to-generate) with GPT-2.
- A blog on [Training CodeParrot 🦜 from Scratch](https://huggingface.co/blog/codeparrot), a large GPT-2 model.
- A blog on [Faster Text Generation with TensorFlow and XLA](https://huggingface.co/blog/tf-xla-generate) with GPT-2.
- A blog on [How to train a Language Model with Megatron-LM](https://huggingface.co/blog/megatron-training) with a GPT-2 model.
- A notebook on how to [finetune GPT2 to generate lyrics in the style of your favorite artist](https://colab.research.google.com/github/AlekseyKorshuk/huggingartists/blob/master/huggingartists-demo.ipynb). 🌎
- A notebook on how to [finetune GPT2 to generate tweets in the style of your favorite Twitter user](https://colab.research.google.com/github/borisdayma/huggingtweets/blob/master/huggingtweets-demo.ipynb). 🌎
- [Causal language modeling](https://huggingface.co/course/en/chapter7/6?fw=pt#training-a-causal-language-model-from-scratch) chapter of the 🤗 Hugging Face Course.
- [`GPT2LMHeadModel`] is suppported by this [causal language modeling example script](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/pytorch/language-modeling#gpt-2gpt-and-causal-language-modeling), [text generation example script](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/pytorch/text-generation), and [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/github/huggingface/notebooks/blob/main/examples/language_modeling.ipynb).
- [`TFGPT2LMHeadModel`] is supported by this [causal language modeling example script](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/tensorflow/language-modeling#run_clmpy) and [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/github/huggingface/notebooks/blob/main/examples/language_modeling-tf.ipynb).
- [`FlaxGPT2LMHeadModel`] is supported by this [causal language modeling example script](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/flax/language-modeling#causal-language-modeling) and [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/github/huggingface/notebooks/blob/main/examples/causal_language_modeling_flax.ipynb).


## GPT2Config

[[autodoc]] GPT2Config

## GPT2Tokenizer

[[autodoc]] GPT2Tokenizer
    - save_vocabulary

## GPT2TokenizerFast

[[autodoc]] GPT2TokenizerFast

## GPT2 specific outputs

[[autodoc]] models.gpt2.modeling_gpt2.GPT2DoubleHeadsModelOutput

[[autodoc]] models.gpt2.modeling_tf_gpt2.TFGPT2DoubleHeadsModelOutput

## GPT2Model

[[autodoc]] GPT2Model
    - forward
    - parallelize
    - deparallelize

## GPT2LMHeadModel

[[autodoc]] GPT2LMHeadModel
    - forward
    - parallelize
    - deparallelize

## GPT2DoubleHeadsModel

[[autodoc]] GPT2DoubleHeadsModel
    - forward

## GPT2ForSequenceClassification

[[autodoc]] GPT2ForSequenceClassification
    - forward

## GPT2ForTokenClassification

[[autodoc]] GPT2ForTokenClassification
    - forward

## TFGPT2Model

[[autodoc]] TFGPT2Model
    - call

## TFGPT2LMHeadModel

[[autodoc]] TFGPT2LMHeadModel
    - call

## TFGPT2DoubleHeadsModel

[[autodoc]] TFGPT2DoubleHeadsModel
    - call

## TFGPT2ForSequenceClassification

[[autodoc]] TFGPT2ForSequenceClassification
    - call

## TFSequenceClassifierOutputWithPast

[[autodoc]] modeling_tf_outputs.TFSequenceClassifierOutputWithPast

## FlaxGPT2Model

[[autodoc]] FlaxGPT2Model
    - __call__

## FlaxGPT2LMHeadModel

[[autodoc]] FlaxGPT2LMHeadModel
    - __call__
