docs/source/en/model_doc/mobilevit.mdx, before:

<!--Copyright 2022 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# MobileViT

## Overview

The MobileViT model was proposed in [MobileViT: Light-weight, General-purpose, and Mobile-friendly Vision Transformer](https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.02178) by Sachin Mehta and Mohammad Rastegari. MobileViT introduces a new layer that replaces local processing in convolutions with global processing using transformers.

The abstract from the paper is the following:

*Light-weight convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are the de-facto for mobile vision tasks. Their spatial inductive biases allow them to learn representations with fewer parameters across different vision tasks. However, these networks are spatially local. To learn global representations, self-attention-based vision trans-formers (ViTs) have been adopted. Unlike CNNs, ViTs are heavy-weight. In this paper, we ask the following question: is it possible to combine the strengths of CNNs and ViTs to build a light-weight and low latency network for mobile vision tasks? Towards this end, we introduce MobileViT, a light-weight and general-purpose vision transformer for mobile devices. MobileViT presents a different perspective for the global processing of information with transformers, i.e., transformers as convolutions. Our results show that MobileViT significantly outperforms CNN- and ViT-based networks across different tasks and datasets. On the ImageNet-1k dataset, MobileViT achieves top-1 accuracy of 78.4% with about 6 million parameters, which is 3.2% and 6.2% more accurate than MobileNetv3 (CNN-based) and DeIT (ViT-based) for a similar number of parameters. On the MS-COCO object detection task, MobileViT is 5.7% more accurate than MobileNetv3 for a similar number of parameters.*

Tips:

- MobileViT is more like a CNN than a Transformer model. It does not work on sequence data but on batches of images. Unlike ViT, there are no embeddings. The backbone model outputs a feature map. You can follow [this tutorial](https://keras.io/examples/vision/mobilevit) for a lightweight introduction.
- One can use [`MobileViTImageProcessor`] to prepare images for the model. Note that if you do your own preprocessing, the pretrained checkpoints expect images to be in BGR pixel order (not RGB).
- The available image classification checkpoints are pre-trained on [ImageNet-1k](https://huggingface.co/datasets/imagenet-1k) (also referred to as ILSVRC 2012, a collection of 1.3 million images and 1,000 classes).
- The segmentation model uses a [DeepLabV3](https://arxiv.org/abs/1706.05587) head. The available semantic segmentation checkpoints are pre-trained on [PASCAL VOC](http://host.robots.ox.ac.uk/pascal/VOC/).
- As the name suggests MobileViT was designed to be performant and efficient on mobile phones. The TensorFlow versions of the MobileViT models are fully compatible with [TensorFlow Lite](https://www.tensorflow.org/lite).

  You can use the following code to convert a MobileViT checkpoint (be it image classification or semantic segmentation) to generate a
  TensorFlow Lite model:

```py
from transformers import TFMobileViTForImageClassification
import tensorflow as tf


model_ckpt = "apple/mobilevit-xx-small"
model = TFMobileViTForImageClassification.from_pretrained(model_ckpt)

converter = tf.lite.TFLiteConverter.from_keras_model(model)
converter.optimizations = [tf.lite.Optimize.DEFAULT]
converter.target_spec.supported_ops = [
    tf.lite.OpsSet.TFLITE_BUILTINS,
    tf.lite.OpsSet.SELECT_TF_OPS,
]
tflite_model = converter.convert()
tflite_filename = model_ckpt.split("/")[-1] + ".tflite"
with open(tflite_filename, "wb") as f:
    f.write(tflite_model)
```

  The resulting model will be just **about an MB** making it a good fit for mobile applications where resources and network
  bandwidth can be constrained.


This model was contributed by [matthijs](https://huggingface.co/Matthijs). The TensorFlow version of the model was contributed by [sayakpaul](https://huggingface.co/sayakpaul). The original code and weights can be found [here](https://github.com/apple/ml-cvnets).


## MobileViTConfig

[[autodoc]] MobileViTConfig

## MobileViTFeatureExtractor

[[autodoc]] MobileViTFeatureExtractor
    - __call__
    - post_process_semantic_segmentation

## MobileViTImageProcessor

[[autodoc]] MobileViTImageProcessor
    - preprocess
    - post_process_semantic_segmentation

## MobileViTModel

[[autodoc]] MobileViTModel
    - forward

## MobileViTForImageClassification

[[autodoc]] MobileViTForImageClassification
    - forward

## MobileViTForSemanticSegmentation

[[autodoc]] MobileViTForSemanticSegmentation
    - forward

## TFMobileViTModel

[[autodoc]] TFMobileViTModel
    - call

## TFMobileViTForImageClassification

[[autodoc]] TFMobileViTForImageClassification
    - call

## TFMobileViTForSemanticSegmentation

[[autodoc]] TFMobileViTForSemanticSegmentation
    - call

Commit message:

Add batch of resources (#20647)
* Add resources

* Add more resources

* Add more resources

* Add TAPAS

* Fix pipeline tag

* Fix pipeline tags

* Remove pipeline tag

* Remove depth-estimation tag

* Update docs/source/en/model_doc/segformer.mdx

Co-authored-by: Maria Khalusova <kafooster@gmail.com>

* Apply suggestion

* Fix segformer

Co-authored-by: Niels Rogge <nielsrogge@Nielss-MacBook-Pro.local>
Co-authored-by: Maria Khalusova <kafooster@gmail.com>

docs/source/en/model_doc/mobilevit.mdx, after:

<!--Copyright 2022 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# MobileViT

## Overview

The MobileViT model was proposed in [MobileViT: Light-weight, General-purpose, and Mobile-friendly Vision Transformer](https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.02178) by Sachin Mehta and Mohammad Rastegari. MobileViT introduces a new layer that replaces local processing in convolutions with global processing using transformers.

The abstract from the paper is the following:

*Light-weight convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are the de-facto for mobile vision tasks. Their spatial inductive biases allow them to learn representations with fewer parameters across different vision tasks. However, these networks are spatially local. To learn global representations, self-attention-based vision trans-formers (ViTs) have been adopted. Unlike CNNs, ViTs are heavy-weight. In this paper, we ask the following question: is it possible to combine the strengths of CNNs and ViTs to build a light-weight and low latency network for mobile vision tasks? Towards this end, we introduce MobileViT, a light-weight and general-purpose vision transformer for mobile devices. MobileViT presents a different perspective for the global processing of information with transformers, i.e., transformers as convolutions. Our results show that MobileViT significantly outperforms CNN- and ViT-based networks across different tasks and datasets. On the ImageNet-1k dataset, MobileViT achieves top-1 accuracy of 78.4% with about 6 million parameters, which is 3.2% and 6.2% more accurate than MobileNetv3 (CNN-based) and DeIT (ViT-based) for a similar number of parameters. On the MS-COCO object detection task, MobileViT is 5.7% more accurate than MobileNetv3 for a similar number of parameters.*

Tips:

- MobileViT is more like a CNN than a Transformer model. It does not work on sequence data but on batches of images. Unlike ViT, there are no embeddings. The backbone model outputs a feature map. You can follow [this tutorial](https://keras.io/examples/vision/mobilevit) for a lightweight introduction.
- One can use [`MobileViTImageProcessor`] to prepare images for the model. Note that if you do your own preprocessing, the pretrained checkpoints expect images to be in BGR pixel order (not RGB).
- The available image classification checkpoints are pre-trained on [ImageNet-1k](https://huggingface.co/datasets/imagenet-1k) (also referred to as ILSVRC 2012, a collection of 1.3 million images and 1,000 classes).
- The segmentation model uses a [DeepLabV3](https://arxiv.org/abs/1706.05587) head. The available semantic segmentation checkpoints are pre-trained on [PASCAL VOC](http://host.robots.ox.ac.uk/pascal/VOC/).
- As the name suggests MobileViT was designed to be performant and efficient on mobile phones. The TensorFlow versions of the MobileViT models are fully compatible with [TensorFlow Lite](https://www.tensorflow.org/lite).

  You can use the following code to convert a MobileViT checkpoint (be it image classification or semantic segmentation) to generate a
  TensorFlow Lite model:

```py
from transformers import TFMobileViTForImageClassification
import tensorflow as tf


model_ckpt = "apple/mobilevit-xx-small"
model = TFMobileViTForImageClassification.from_pretrained(model_ckpt)

converter = tf.lite.TFLiteConverter.from_keras_model(model)
converter.optimizations = [tf.lite.Optimize.DEFAULT]
converter.target_spec.supported_ops = [
    tf.lite.OpsSet.TFLITE_BUILTINS,
    tf.lite.OpsSet.SELECT_TF_OPS,
]
tflite_model = converter.convert()
tflite_filename = model_ckpt.split("/")[-1] + ".tflite"
with open(tflite_filename, "wb") as f:
    f.write(tflite_model)
```

  The resulting model will be just **about an MB** making it a good fit for mobile applications where resources and network
  bandwidth can be constrained.


This model was contributed by [matthijs](https://huggingface.co/Matthijs). The TensorFlow version of the model was contributed by [sayakpaul](https://huggingface.co/sayakpaul). The original code and weights can be found [here](https://github.com/apple/ml-cvnets).

## Resources

A list of official Hugging Face and community (indicated by 🌎) resources to help you get started with MobileViT.

<PipelineTag pipeline="image-classification"/>

- [`MobileViTForImageClassification`] is supported by this [example script](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/pytorch/image-classification) and [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/github/huggingface/notebooks/blob/main/examples/image_classification.ipynb).

If you're interested in submitting a resource to be included here, please feel free to open a Pull Request and we'll review it! The resource should ideally demonstrate something new instead of duplicating an existing resource.

## MobileViTConfig

[[autodoc]] MobileViTConfig

## MobileViTFeatureExtractor

[[autodoc]] MobileViTFeatureExtractor
    - __call__
    - post_process_semantic_segmentation

## MobileViTImageProcessor

[[autodoc]] MobileViTImageProcessor
    - preprocess
    - post_process_semantic_segmentation

## MobileViTModel

[[autodoc]] MobileViTModel
    - forward

## MobileViTForImageClassification

[[autodoc]] MobileViTForImageClassification
    - forward

## MobileViTForSemanticSegmentation

[[autodoc]] MobileViTForSemanticSegmentation
    - forward

## TFMobileViTModel

[[autodoc]] TFMobileViTModel
    - call

## TFMobileViTForImageClassification

[[autodoc]] TFMobileViTForImageClassification
    - call

## TFMobileViTForSemanticSegmentation

[[autodoc]] TFMobileViTForSemanticSegmentation
    - call
