docs/source/en/model_doc/nat.mdx, before:

<!--Copyright 2022 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# Neighborhood Attention Transformer

## Overview

NAT was proposed in [Neighborhood Attention Transformer](https://arxiv.org/abs/2204.07143)
by Ali Hassani, Steven Walton, Jiachen Li, Shen Li, and Humphrey Shi.

It is a hierarchical vision transformer based on Neighborhood Attention, a sliding-window self attention pattern.

The abstract from the paper is the following:

*We present Neighborhood Attention (NA), the first efficient and scalable sliding-window attention mechanism for vision.
NA is a pixel-wise operation, localizing self attention (SA) to the nearest neighboring pixels, and therefore enjoys a
linear time and space complexity compared to the quadratic complexity of SA. The sliding-window pattern allows NA's
receptive field to grow without needing extra pixel shifts, and preserves translational equivariance, unlike
Swin Transformer's Window Self Attention (WSA). We develop NATTEN (Neighborhood Attention Extension), a Python package
with efficient C++ and CUDA kernels, which allows NA to run up to 40% faster than Swin's WSA while using up to 25% less
memory. We further present Neighborhood Attention Transformer (NAT), a new hierarchical transformer design based on NA
that boosts image classification and downstream vision performance. Experimental results on NAT are competitive;
NAT-Tiny reaches 83.2% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet, 51.4% mAP on MS-COCO and 48.4% mIoU on ADE20K, which is 1.9%
ImageNet accuracy, 1.0% COCO mAP, and 2.6% ADE20K mIoU improvement over a Swin model with similar size. *

Tips:
- One can use the [`AutoImageProcessor`] API to prepare images for the model.
- NAT can be used as a *backbone*. When `output_hidden_states = True`,
it will output both `hidden_states` and `reshaped_hidden_states`.
The `reshaped_hidden_states` have a shape of `(batch, num_channels, height, width)` rather than
`(batch_size, height, width, num_channels)`.

Notes:
- NAT depends on [NATTEN](https://github.com/SHI-Labs/NATTEN/)'s implementation of Neighborhood Attention.
You can install it with pre-built wheels for Linux by referring to [shi-labs.com/natten](https://shi-labs.com/natten),
or build on your system by running `pip install natten`.
Note that the latter will likely take time to compile. NATTEN does not support Windows devices yet.
- Patch size of 4 is only supported at the moment.

<img
src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/neighborhood-attention-pattern.jpg"
alt="drawing" width="600"/>

<small> Neighborhood Attention compared to other attention patterns.
Taken from the <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2204.07143">original paper</a>.</small>

This model was contributed by [Ali Hassani](https://huggingface.co/alihassanijr).
The original code can be found [here](https://github.com/SHI-Labs/Neighborhood-Attention-Transformer).


## NatConfig

[[autodoc]] NatConfig


## NatModel

[[autodoc]] NatModel
    - forward

## NatForImageClassification

[[autodoc]] NatForImageClassification
    - forward

Commit message:

Add batch of resources (#20647)
* Add resources

* Add more resources

* Add more resources

* Add TAPAS

* Fix pipeline tag

* Fix pipeline tags

* Remove pipeline tag

* Remove depth-estimation tag

* Update docs/source/en/model_doc/segformer.mdx

Co-authored-by: Maria Khalusova <kafooster@gmail.com>

* Apply suggestion

* Fix segformer

Co-authored-by: Niels Rogge <nielsrogge@Nielss-MacBook-Pro.local>
Co-authored-by: Maria Khalusova <kafooster@gmail.com>

docs/source/en/model_doc/nat.mdx, after:

<!--Copyright 2022 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# Neighborhood Attention Transformer

## Overview

NAT was proposed in [Neighborhood Attention Transformer](https://arxiv.org/abs/2204.07143)
by Ali Hassani, Steven Walton, Jiachen Li, Shen Li, and Humphrey Shi.

It is a hierarchical vision transformer based on Neighborhood Attention, a sliding-window self attention pattern.

The abstract from the paper is the following:

*We present Neighborhood Attention (NA), the first efficient and scalable sliding-window attention mechanism for vision.
NA is a pixel-wise operation, localizing self attention (SA) to the nearest neighboring pixels, and therefore enjoys a
linear time and space complexity compared to the quadratic complexity of SA. The sliding-window pattern allows NA's
receptive field to grow without needing extra pixel shifts, and preserves translational equivariance, unlike
Swin Transformer's Window Self Attention (WSA). We develop NATTEN (Neighborhood Attention Extension), a Python package
with efficient C++ and CUDA kernels, which allows NA to run up to 40% faster than Swin's WSA while using up to 25% less
memory. We further present Neighborhood Attention Transformer (NAT), a new hierarchical transformer design based on NA
that boosts image classification and downstream vision performance. Experimental results on NAT are competitive;
NAT-Tiny reaches 83.2% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet, 51.4% mAP on MS-COCO and 48.4% mIoU on ADE20K, which is 1.9%
ImageNet accuracy, 1.0% COCO mAP, and 2.6% ADE20K mIoU improvement over a Swin model with similar size. *

Tips:
- One can use the [`AutoImageProcessor`] API to prepare images for the model.
- NAT can be used as a *backbone*. When `output_hidden_states = True`,
it will output both `hidden_states` and `reshaped_hidden_states`.
The `reshaped_hidden_states` have a shape of `(batch, num_channels, height, width)` rather than
`(batch_size, height, width, num_channels)`.

Notes:
- NAT depends on [NATTEN](https://github.com/SHI-Labs/NATTEN/)'s implementation of Neighborhood Attention.
You can install it with pre-built wheels for Linux by referring to [shi-labs.com/natten](https://shi-labs.com/natten),
or build on your system by running `pip install natten`.
Note that the latter will likely take time to compile. NATTEN does not support Windows devices yet.
- Patch size of 4 is only supported at the moment.

<img
src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/neighborhood-attention-pattern.jpg"
alt="drawing" width="600"/>

<small> Neighborhood Attention compared to other attention patterns.
Taken from the <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2204.07143">original paper</a>.</small>

This model was contributed by [Ali Hassani](https://huggingface.co/alihassanijr).
The original code can be found [here](https://github.com/SHI-Labs/Neighborhood-Attention-Transformer).

## Resources

A list of official Hugging Face and community (indicated by 🌎) resources to help you get started with NAT.

<PipelineTag pipeline="image-classification"/>

- [`NatForImageClassification`] is supported by this [example script](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/pytorch/image-classification) and [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/github/huggingface/notebooks/blob/main/examples/image_classification.ipynb).

If you're interested in submitting a resource to be included here, please feel free to open a Pull Request and we'll review it! The resource should ideally demonstrate something new instead of duplicating an existing resource.

## NatConfig

[[autodoc]] NatConfig


## NatModel

[[autodoc]] NatModel
    - forward

## NatForImageClassification

[[autodoc]] NatForImageClassification
    - forward
