docs/source/en/model_doc/owlvit.mdx, before:

<!--Copyright 2022 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# OWL-ViT

## Overview

The OWL-ViT (short for Vision Transformer for Open-World Localization) was proposed in [Simple Open-Vocabulary Object Detection with Vision Transformers](https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.06230) by Matthias Minderer, Alexey Gritsenko, Austin Stone, Maxim Neumann, Dirk Weissenborn, Alexey Dosovitskiy, Aravindh Mahendran, Anurag Arnab, Mostafa Dehghani, Zhuoran Shen, Xiao Wang, Xiaohua Zhai, Thomas Kipf, and Neil Houlsby. OWL-ViT is an open-vocabulary object detection network trained on a variety of (image, text) pairs. It can be used to query an image with one or multiple text queries to search for and detect target objects described in text.

The abstract from the paper is the following:

*Combining simple architectures with large-scale pre-training has led to massive improvements in image classification. For object detection, pre-training and scaling approaches are less well established, especially in the long-tailed and open-vocabulary setting, where training data is relatively scarce. In this paper, we propose a strong recipe for transferring image-text models to open-vocabulary object detection. We use a standard Vision Transformer architecture with minimal modifications, contrastive image-text pre-training, and end-to-end detection fine-tuning. Our analysis of the scaling properties of this setup shows that increasing image-level pre-training and model size yield consistent improvements on the downstream detection task. We provide the adaptation strategies and regularizations needed to attain very strong performance on zero-shot text-conditioned and one-shot image-conditioned object detection. Code and models are available on GitHub.*

## Usage

OWL-ViT is a zero-shot text-conditioned object detection model. OWL-ViT uses [CLIP](clip) as its multi-modal backbone, with a ViT-like Transformer to get visual features and a causal language model to get the text features. To use CLIP for detection, OWL-ViT removes the final token pooling layer of the vision model and attaches a lightweight classification and box head to each transformer output token. Open-vocabulary classification is enabled by replacing the fixed classification layer weights with the class-name embeddings obtained from the text model. The authors first train CLIP from scratch and fine-tune it end-to-end with the classification and box heads on standard detection datasets using a bipartite matching loss. One or multiple text queries per image can be used to perform zero-shot text-conditioned object detection. 

[`OwlViTFeatureExtractor`] can be used to resize (or rescale) and normalize images for the model and [`CLIPTokenizer`] is used to encode the text. [`OwlViTProcessor`] wraps [`OwlViTFeatureExtractor`] and [`CLIPTokenizer`] into a single instance to both encode the text and prepare the images. The following example shows how to perform object detection using [`OwlViTProcessor`] and [`OwlViTForObjectDetection`].


```python
>>> import requests
>>> from PIL import Image
>>> import torch

>>> from transformers import OwlViTProcessor, OwlViTForObjectDetection

>>> processor = OwlViTProcessor.from_pretrained("google/owlvit-base-patch32")
>>> model = OwlViTForObjectDetection.from_pretrained("google/owlvit-base-patch32")

>>> url = "http://images.cocodataset.org/val2017/000000039769.jpg"
>>> image = Image.open(requests.get(url, stream=True).raw)
>>> texts = [["a photo of a cat", "a photo of a dog"]]
>>> inputs = processor(text=texts, images=image, return_tensors="pt")
>>> outputs = model(**inputs)

>>> # Target image sizes (height, width) to rescale box predictions [batch_size, 2]
>>> target_sizes = torch.Tensor([image.size[::-1]])
>>> # Convert outputs (bounding boxes and class logits) to COCO API
>>> results = processor.post_process(outputs=outputs, target_sizes=target_sizes)

>>> i = 0  # Retrieve predictions for the first image for the corresponding text queries
>>> text = texts[i]
>>> boxes, scores, labels = results[i]["boxes"], results[i]["scores"], results[i]["labels"]

>>> score_threshold = 0.1
>>> for box, score, label in zip(boxes, scores, labels):
...     box = [round(i, 2) for i in box.tolist()]
...     if score >= score_threshold:
...         print(f"Detected {text[label]} with confidence {round(score.item(), 3)} at location {box}")
Detected a photo of a cat with confidence 0.707 at location [324.97, 20.44, 640.58, 373.29]
Detected a photo of a cat with confidence 0.717 at location [1.46, 55.26, 315.55, 472.17]
```

This model was contributed by [adirik](https://huggingface.co/adirik). The original code can be found [here](https://github.com/google-research/scenic/tree/main/scenic/projects/owl_vit).

## OwlViTConfig

[[autodoc]] OwlViTConfig
    - from_text_vision_configs

## OwlViTTextConfig

[[autodoc]] OwlViTTextConfig

## OwlViTVisionConfig

[[autodoc]] OwlViTVisionConfig

## OwlViTFeatureExtractor

[[autodoc]] OwlViTFeatureExtractor
    - __call__
    - post_process
    - post_process_image_guided_detection

## OwlViTProcessor

[[autodoc]] OwlViTProcessor

## OwlViTModel

[[autodoc]] OwlViTModel
    - forward
    - get_text_features
    - get_image_features

## OwlViTTextModel

[[autodoc]] OwlViTTextModel
    - forward

## OwlViTVisionModel

[[autodoc]] OwlViTVisionModel
    - forward

## OwlViTForObjectDetection

[[autodoc]] OwlViTForObjectDetection
    - forward
    - image_guided_detection

Commit message:

Add segmentation + object detection image processors (#20160)
* Add transforms for object detection

* DETR models + Yolos

* Scrappy additions

* Maskformer image processor

* Fix up; MaskFormer tests

* Update owlvit processor

* Add to docs

* OwlViT tests

* Update pad logic

* Remove changes to transforms

* Import fn directly

* Update to include pad transformation

* Remove uninstended changes

* Add new owlvit post processing function

* Tidy up

* Fix copies

* Fix some copies

* Include device fix

* Fix scipy imports

* Update _pad_image

* Update padding functionality

* Fix bug

* Properly handle ignore index

* Fix up

* Remove defaults to None in docstrings

* Fix docstrings & docs

* Fix sizes bug

* Resolve conflicts in init

* Cast to float after resizing

* Tidy & add size if missing

* Allow kwards when processing for owlvit

* Update test values

docs/source/en/model_doc/owlvit.mdx, after:

<!--Copyright 2022 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# OWL-ViT

## Overview

The OWL-ViT (short for Vision Transformer for Open-World Localization) was proposed in [Simple Open-Vocabulary Object Detection with Vision Transformers](https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.06230) by Matthias Minderer, Alexey Gritsenko, Austin Stone, Maxim Neumann, Dirk Weissenborn, Alexey Dosovitskiy, Aravindh Mahendran, Anurag Arnab, Mostafa Dehghani, Zhuoran Shen, Xiao Wang, Xiaohua Zhai, Thomas Kipf, and Neil Houlsby. OWL-ViT is an open-vocabulary object detection network trained on a variety of (image, text) pairs. It can be used to query an image with one or multiple text queries to search for and detect target objects described in text.

The abstract from the paper is the following:

*Combining simple architectures with large-scale pre-training has led to massive improvements in image classification. For object detection, pre-training and scaling approaches are less well established, especially in the long-tailed and open-vocabulary setting, where training data is relatively scarce. In this paper, we propose a strong recipe for transferring image-text models to open-vocabulary object detection. We use a standard Vision Transformer architecture with minimal modifications, contrastive image-text pre-training, and end-to-end detection fine-tuning. Our analysis of the scaling properties of this setup shows that increasing image-level pre-training and model size yield consistent improvements on the downstream detection task. We provide the adaptation strategies and regularizations needed to attain very strong performance on zero-shot text-conditioned and one-shot image-conditioned object detection. Code and models are available on GitHub.*

## Usage

OWL-ViT is a zero-shot text-conditioned object detection model. OWL-ViT uses [CLIP](clip) as its multi-modal backbone, with a ViT-like Transformer to get visual features and a causal language model to get the text features. To use CLIP for detection, OWL-ViT removes the final token pooling layer of the vision model and attaches a lightweight classification and box head to each transformer output token. Open-vocabulary classification is enabled by replacing the fixed classification layer weights with the class-name embeddings obtained from the text model. The authors first train CLIP from scratch and fine-tune it end-to-end with the classification and box heads on standard detection datasets using a bipartite matching loss. One or multiple text queries per image can be used to perform zero-shot text-conditioned object detection.

[`OwlViTFeatureExtractor`] can be used to resize (or rescale) and normalize images for the model and [`CLIPTokenizer`] is used to encode the text. [`OwlViTProcessor`] wraps [`OwlViTFeatureExtractor`] and [`CLIPTokenizer`] into a single instance to both encode the text and prepare the images. The following example shows how to perform object detection using [`OwlViTProcessor`] and [`OwlViTForObjectDetection`].


```python
>>> import requests
>>> from PIL import Image
>>> import torch

>>> from transformers import OwlViTProcessor, OwlViTForObjectDetection

>>> processor = OwlViTProcessor.from_pretrained("google/owlvit-base-patch32")
>>> model = OwlViTForObjectDetection.from_pretrained("google/owlvit-base-patch32")

>>> url = "http://images.cocodataset.org/val2017/000000039769.jpg"
>>> image = Image.open(requests.get(url, stream=True).raw)
>>> texts = [["a photo of a cat", "a photo of a dog"]]
>>> inputs = processor(text=texts, images=image, return_tensors="pt")
>>> outputs = model(**inputs)

>>> # Target image sizes (height, width) to rescale box predictions [batch_size, 2]
>>> target_sizes = torch.Tensor([image.size[::-1]])
>>> # Convert outputs (bounding boxes and class logits) to COCO API
>>> results = processor.post_process(outputs=outputs, target_sizes=target_sizes)

>>> i = 0  # Retrieve predictions for the first image for the corresponding text queries
>>> text = texts[i]
>>> boxes, scores, labels = results[i]["boxes"], results[i]["scores"], results[i]["labels"]

>>> score_threshold = 0.1
>>> for box, score, label in zip(boxes, scores, labels):
...     box = [round(i, 2) for i in box.tolist()]
...     if score >= score_threshold:
...         print(f"Detected {text[label]} with confidence {round(score.item(), 3)} at location {box}")
Detected a photo of a cat with confidence 0.707 at location [324.97, 20.44, 640.58, 373.29]
Detected a photo of a cat with confidence 0.717 at location [1.46, 55.26, 315.55, 472.17]
```

This model was contributed by [adirik](https://huggingface.co/adirik). The original code can be found [here](https://github.com/google-research/scenic/tree/main/scenic/projects/owl_vit).

## OwlViTConfig

[[autodoc]] OwlViTConfig
    - from_text_vision_configs

## OwlViTTextConfig

[[autodoc]] OwlViTTextConfig

## OwlViTVisionConfig

[[autodoc]] OwlViTVisionConfig

## OwlViTImageProcessor

[[autodoc]] OwlViTImageProcessor
    - preprocess
    - post_process
    - post_process_image_guided_detection

## OwlViTFeatureExtractor

[[autodoc]] OwlViTFeatureExtractor
    - __call__
    - post_process
    - post_process_image_guided_detection

## OwlViTProcessor

[[autodoc]] OwlViTProcessor

## OwlViTModel

[[autodoc]] OwlViTModel
    - forward
    - get_text_features
    - get_image_features

## OwlViTTextModel

[[autodoc]] OwlViTTextModel
    - forward

## OwlViTVisionModel

[[autodoc]] OwlViTVisionModel
    - forward

## OwlViTForObjectDetection

[[autodoc]] OwlViTForObjectDetection
    - forward
    - image_guided_detection
