docs/source/en/model_doc/resnet.mdx, before:

<!--Copyright 2022 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# ResNet

## Overview

The ResNet model was proposed in [Deep Residual Learning for Image Recognition](https://arxiv.org/abs/1512.03385) by Kaiming He, Xiangyu Zhang, Shaoqing Ren and Jian Sun. Our implementation follows the small changes made by [Nvidia](https://catalog.ngc.nvidia.com/orgs/nvidia/resources/resnet_50_v1_5_for_pytorch), we apply the `stride=2` for downsampling in bottleneck's `3x3` conv and not in the first `1x1`. This is generally known as "ResNet v1.5".

ResNet introduced residual connections, they allow to train networks with an unseen number of layers (up to 1000). ResNet won the 2015 ILSVRC & COCO competition, one important milestone in deep computer vision.

The abstract from the paper is the following:

*Deeper neural networks are more difficult to train. We present a residual learning framework to ease the training of networks that are substantially deeper than those used previously. We explicitly reformulate the layers as learning residual functions with reference to the layer inputs, instead of learning unreferenced functions. We provide comprehensive empirical evidence showing that these residual networks are easier to optimize, and can gain accuracy from considerably increased depth. On the ImageNet dataset we evaluate residual nets with a depth of up to 152 layers---8x deeper than VGG nets but still having lower complexity. An ensemble of these residual nets achieves 3.57% error on the ImageNet test set. This result won the 1st place on the ILSVRC 2015 classification task. We also present analysis on CIFAR-10 with 100 and 1000 layers.
The depth of representations is of central importance for many visual recognition tasks. Solely due to our extremely deep representations, we obtain a 28% relative improvement on the COCO object detection dataset. Deep residual nets are foundations of our submissions to ILSVRC & COCO 2015 competitions, where we also won the 1st places on the tasks of ImageNet detection, ImageNet localization, COCO detection, and COCO segmentation.*

Tips:

- One can use [`AutoImageProcessor`] to prepare images for the model.

The figure below illustrates the architecture of ResNet. Taken from the [original paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1512.03385).

<img width="600" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/resnet_architecture.png"/>

This model was contributed by [Francesco](https://huggingface.co/Francesco). The TensorFlow version of this model was added by [amyeroberts](https://huggingface.co/amyeroberts). The original code can be found [here](https://github.com/KaimingHe/deep-residual-networks).

## ResNetConfig

[[autodoc]] ResNetConfig


## ResNetModel

[[autodoc]] ResNetModel
    - forward


## ResNetForImageClassification

[[autodoc]] ResNetForImageClassification
    - forward


## TFResNetModel

[[autodoc]] TFResNetModel
    - call


## TFResNetForImageClassification

[[autodoc]] TFResNetForImageClassification
    - call

Commit message:

Add batch of resources (#20647)
* Add resources

* Add more resources

* Add more resources

* Add TAPAS

* Fix pipeline tag

* Fix pipeline tags

* Remove pipeline tag

* Remove depth-estimation tag

* Update docs/source/en/model_doc/segformer.mdx

Co-authored-by: Maria Khalusova <kafooster@gmail.com>

* Apply suggestion

* Fix segformer

Co-authored-by: Niels Rogge <nielsrogge@Nielss-MacBook-Pro.local>
Co-authored-by: Maria Khalusova <kafooster@gmail.com>

docs/source/en/model_doc/resnet.mdx, after:

<!--Copyright 2022 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# ResNet

## Overview

The ResNet model was proposed in [Deep Residual Learning for Image Recognition](https://arxiv.org/abs/1512.03385) by Kaiming He, Xiangyu Zhang, Shaoqing Ren and Jian Sun. Our implementation follows the small changes made by [Nvidia](https://catalog.ngc.nvidia.com/orgs/nvidia/resources/resnet_50_v1_5_for_pytorch), we apply the `stride=2` for downsampling in bottleneck's `3x3` conv and not in the first `1x1`. This is generally known as "ResNet v1.5".

ResNet introduced residual connections, they allow to train networks with an unseen number of layers (up to 1000). ResNet won the 2015 ILSVRC & COCO competition, one important milestone in deep computer vision.

The abstract from the paper is the following:

*Deeper neural networks are more difficult to train. We present a residual learning framework to ease the training of networks that are substantially deeper than those used previously. We explicitly reformulate the layers as learning residual functions with reference to the layer inputs, instead of learning unreferenced functions. We provide comprehensive empirical evidence showing that these residual networks are easier to optimize, and can gain accuracy from considerably increased depth. On the ImageNet dataset we evaluate residual nets with a depth of up to 152 layers---8x deeper than VGG nets but still having lower complexity. An ensemble of these residual nets achieves 3.57% error on the ImageNet test set. This result won the 1st place on the ILSVRC 2015 classification task. We also present analysis on CIFAR-10 with 100 and 1000 layers.
The depth of representations is of central importance for many visual recognition tasks. Solely due to our extremely deep representations, we obtain a 28% relative improvement on the COCO object detection dataset. Deep residual nets are foundations of our submissions to ILSVRC & COCO 2015 competitions, where we also won the 1st places on the tasks of ImageNet detection, ImageNet localization, COCO detection, and COCO segmentation.*

Tips:

- One can use [`AutoImageProcessor`] to prepare images for the model.

The figure below illustrates the architecture of ResNet. Taken from the [original paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1512.03385).

<img width="600" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/resnet_architecture.png"/>

This model was contributed by [Francesco](https://huggingface.co/Francesco). The TensorFlow version of this model was added by [amyeroberts](https://huggingface.co/amyeroberts). The original code can be found [here](https://github.com/KaimingHe/deep-residual-networks).

## Resources

A list of official Hugging Face and community (indicated by 🌎) resources to help you get started with ResNet.

<PipelineTag pipeline="image-classification"/>

- [`ResNetForImageClassification`] is supported by this [example script](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/pytorch/image-classification) and [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/github/huggingface/notebooks/blob/main/examples/image_classification.ipynb).

If you're interested in submitting a resource to be included here, please feel free to open a Pull Request and we'll review it! The resource should ideally demonstrate something new instead of duplicating an existing resource.

## ResNetConfig

[[autodoc]] ResNetConfig


## ResNetModel

[[autodoc]] ResNetModel
    - forward


## ResNetForImageClassification

[[autodoc]] ResNetForImageClassification
    - forward


## TFResNetModel

[[autodoc]] TFResNetModel
    - call


## TFResNetForImageClassification

[[autodoc]] TFResNetForImageClassification
    - call
