docs/source/en/model_doc/upernet.mdx, before:

<!--Copyright 2022 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# UPerNet

## Overview

The UPerNet model was proposed in [Unified Perceptual Parsing for Scene Understanding](https://arxiv.org/abs/1807.10221)
by Tete Xiao, Yingcheng Liu, Bolei Zhou, Yuning Jiang, Jian Sun. UPerNet is a general framework to effectively segment
a wide range of concepts from images, leveraging any vision backbone like [ConvNeXt](convnext) or [Swin](swin).

The abstract from the paper is the following:

*Humans recognize the visual world at multiple levels: we effortlessly categorize scenes and detect objects inside, while also identifying the textures and surfaces of the objects along with their different compositional parts. In this paper, we study a new task called Unified Perceptual Parsing, which requires the machine vision systems to recognize as many visual concepts as possible from a given image. A multi-task framework called UPerNet and a training strategy are developed to learn from heterogeneous image annotations. We benchmark our framework on Unified Perceptual Parsing and show that it is able to effectively segment a wide range of concepts from images. The trained networks are further applied to discover visual knowledge in natural scenes.*

<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/blob/main/transformers/model_doc/upernet_architecture.jpg"
alt="drawing" width="600"/>

<small> UPerNet framework. Taken from the <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/1807.10221">original paper</a>. </small>

This model was contributed by [nielsr](https://huggingface.co/nielsr). The original code is based on OpenMMLab's mmsegmentation [here](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmsegmentation/blob/master/mmseg/models/decode_heads/uper_head.py).

## Usage

UPerNet is a general framework for semantic segmentation. It can be used with any vision backbone, like so:

```py
from transformers import SwinConfig, UperNetConfig, UperNetForSemanticSegmentation

backbone_config = SwinConfig(out_features=["stage1", "stage2", "stage3", "stage4"])

config = UperNetConfig(backbone_config=backbone_config)
model = UperNetForSemanticSegmentation(config)
```

To use another vision backbone, like [ConvNeXt](convnext), simply instantiate the model with the appropriate backbone:

```py
from transformers import ConvNextConfig, UperNetConfig, UperNetForSemanticSegmentation

backbone_config = ConvNextConfig(out_features=["stage1", "stage2", "stage3", "stage4"])

config = UperNetConfig(backbone_config=backbone_config)
model = UperNetForSemanticSegmentation(config)
```

Note that this will randomly initialize all the weights of the model.

## UperNetConfig

[[autodoc]] UperNetConfig

## UperNetForSemanticSegmentation

[[autodoc]] UperNetForSemanticSegmentation
    - forward

Commit message:

Add resources (#20872)
* Add resources

* Add more resources

* Remove pipeline tag

* Add more resources

* Add more resources

Co-authored-by: Niels Rogge <nielsrogge@Nielss-MacBook-Pro.local>

docs/source/en/model_doc/upernet.mdx, after:

<!--Copyright 2022 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# UPerNet

## Overview

The UPerNet model was proposed in [Unified Perceptual Parsing for Scene Understanding](https://arxiv.org/abs/1807.10221)
by Tete Xiao, Yingcheng Liu, Bolei Zhou, Yuning Jiang, Jian Sun. UPerNet is a general framework to effectively segment
a wide range of concepts from images, leveraging any vision backbone like [ConvNeXt](convnext) or [Swin](swin).

The abstract from the paper is the following:

*Humans recognize the visual world at multiple levels: we effortlessly categorize scenes and detect objects inside, while also identifying the textures and surfaces of the objects along with their different compositional parts. In this paper, we study a new task called Unified Perceptual Parsing, which requires the machine vision systems to recognize as many visual concepts as possible from a given image. A multi-task framework called UPerNet and a training strategy are developed to learn from heterogeneous image annotations. We benchmark our framework on Unified Perceptual Parsing and show that it is able to effectively segment a wide range of concepts from images. The trained networks are further applied to discover visual knowledge in natural scenes.*

<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/blob/main/transformers/model_doc/upernet_architecture.jpg"
alt="drawing" width="600"/>

<small> UPerNet framework. Taken from the <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/1807.10221">original paper</a>. </small>

This model was contributed by [nielsr](https://huggingface.co/nielsr). The original code is based on OpenMMLab's mmsegmentation [here](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmsegmentation/blob/master/mmseg/models/decode_heads/uper_head.py).

## Resources

A list of official Hugging Face and community (indicated by 🌎) resources to help you get started with UPerNet.

- Demo notebooks for UPerNet can be found [here](https://github.com/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/tree/master/UPerNet).
- [`UperNetForSemanticSegmentation`] is supported by this [example script](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/pytorch/semantic-segmentation) and [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/github/huggingface/notebooks/blob/main/examples/semantic_segmentation.ipynb).

If you're interested in submitting a resource to be included here, please feel free to open a Pull Request and we'll review it! The resource should ideally demonstrate something new instead of duplicating an existing resource.

## Usage

UPerNet is a general framework for semantic segmentation. It can be used with any vision backbone, like so:

```py
from transformers import SwinConfig, UperNetConfig, UperNetForSemanticSegmentation

backbone_config = SwinConfig(out_features=["stage1", "stage2", "stage3", "stage4"])

config = UperNetConfig(backbone_config=backbone_config)
model = UperNetForSemanticSegmentation(config)
```

To use another vision backbone, like [ConvNeXt](convnext), simply instantiate the model with the appropriate backbone:

```py
from transformers import ConvNextConfig, UperNetConfig, UperNetForSemanticSegmentation

backbone_config = ConvNextConfig(out_features=["stage1", "stage2", "stage3", "stage4"])

config = UperNetConfig(backbone_config=backbone_config)
model = UperNetForSemanticSegmentation(config)
```

Note that this will randomly initialize all the weights of the model.

## UperNetConfig

[[autodoc]] UperNetConfig

## UperNetForSemanticSegmentation

[[autodoc]] UperNetForSemanticSegmentation
    - forward
