docs/source/model_doc/dialogpt.rst, before:

DialoGPT
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Overview
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

DialoGPT was proposed in `DialoGPT: Large-Scale Generative Pre-training for Conversational Response Generation
<https://arxiv.org/abs/1911.00536>`_ by Yizhe Zhang, Siqi Sun, Michel Galley, Yen-Chun Chen, Chris Brockett, Xiang Gao,
Jianfeng Gao, Jingjing Liu, Bill Dolan. It's a GPT2 Model trained on 147M conversation-like exchanges extracted from
Reddit.

The abstract from the paper is the following:

*We present a large, tunable neural conversational response generation model, DialoGPT (dialogue generative pre-trained
transformer). Trained on 147M conversation-like exchanges extracted from Reddit comment chains over a period spanning
from 2005 through 2017, DialoGPT extends the Hugging Face PyTorch transformer to attain a performance close to human
both in terms of automatic and human evaluation in single-turn dialogue settings. We show that conversational systems
that leverage DialoGPT generate more relevant, contentful and context-consistent responses than strong baseline
systems. The pre-trained model and training pipeline are publicly released to facilitate research into neural response
generation and the development of more intelligent open-domain dialogue systems.*

Tips:

- DialoGPT is a model with absolute position embeddings so it's usually advised to pad the inputs on the right rather
  than the left.
- DialoGPT was trained with a causal language modeling (CLM) objective on conversational data and is therefore powerful
  at response generation in open-domain dialogue systems.
- DialoGPT enables the user to create a chat bot in just 10 lines of code as shown on `DialoGPT's model card
  <https://huggingface.co/microsoft/DialoGPT-medium>`_.

Training:

In order to train or fine-tune DialoGPT, one can use causal language modeling training. To cite the official paper: *We
follow the OpenAI GPT-2 to model a multiturn dialogue session as a long text and frame the generation task as language
modeling. We first concatenate all dialog turns within a dialogue session into a long text x_1,..., x_N (N is the
sequence length), ended by the end-of-text token.* For more information please confer to the original paper.


DialoGPT's architecture is based on the GPT2 model, so one can refer to GPT2's `docstring
<https://huggingface.co/transformers/model_doc/gpt2.html>`_.

The original code can be found `here <https://github.com/microsoft/DialoGPT>`_.

Commit message:

Copyright (#8970)
* Add copyright everywhere missing

* Style

docs/source/model_doc/dialogpt.rst, after:

.. 
    Copyright 2020 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
    an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

DialoGPT
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Overview
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

DialoGPT was proposed in `DialoGPT: Large-Scale Generative Pre-training for Conversational Response Generation
<https://arxiv.org/abs/1911.00536>`_ by Yizhe Zhang, Siqi Sun, Michel Galley, Yen-Chun Chen, Chris Brockett, Xiang Gao,
Jianfeng Gao, Jingjing Liu, Bill Dolan. It's a GPT2 Model trained on 147M conversation-like exchanges extracted from
Reddit.

The abstract from the paper is the following:

*We present a large, tunable neural conversational response generation model, DialoGPT (dialogue generative pre-trained
transformer). Trained on 147M conversation-like exchanges extracted from Reddit comment chains over a period spanning
from 2005 through 2017, DialoGPT extends the Hugging Face PyTorch transformer to attain a performance close to human
both in terms of automatic and human evaluation in single-turn dialogue settings. We show that conversational systems
that leverage DialoGPT generate more relevant, contentful and context-consistent responses than strong baseline
systems. The pre-trained model and training pipeline are publicly released to facilitate research into neural response
generation and the development of more intelligent open-domain dialogue systems.*

Tips:

- DialoGPT is a model with absolute position embeddings so it's usually advised to pad the inputs on the right rather
  than the left.
- DialoGPT was trained with a causal language modeling (CLM) objective on conversational data and is therefore powerful
  at response generation in open-domain dialogue systems.
- DialoGPT enables the user to create a chat bot in just 10 lines of code as shown on `DialoGPT's model card
  <https://huggingface.co/microsoft/DialoGPT-medium>`_.

Training:

In order to train or fine-tune DialoGPT, one can use causal language modeling training. To cite the official paper: *We
follow the OpenAI GPT-2 to model a multiturn dialogue session as a long text and frame the generation task as language
modeling. We first concatenate all dialog turns within a dialogue session into a long text x_1,..., x_N (N is the
sequence length), ended by the end-of-text token.* For more information please confer to the original paper.


DialoGPT's architecture is based on the GPT2 model, so one can refer to GPT2's `docstring
<https://huggingface.co/transformers/model_doc/gpt2.html>`_.

The original code can be found `here <https://github.com/microsoft/DialoGPT>`_.
