docs/source/model_doc/glpn.mdx, before:

<!--Copyright 2022 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# GLPN

<Tip>

This is a recently introduced model so the API hasn't been tested extensively. There may be some bugs or slight
breaking changes to fix it in the future. If you see something strange, file a [Github Issue](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=bug-report.md&title).

</Tip>

## Overview

The GLPN model was proposed in [Global-Local Path Networks for Monocular Depth Estimation with Vertical CutDepth](https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.07436)  by Doyeon Kim, Woonghyun Ga, Pyungwhan Ahn, Donggyu Joo, Sehwan Chun, Junmo Kim.
GLPN combines [SegFormer](segformer)'s hierarchical mix-Transformer with a lightweight decoder for monocular depth estimation. The proposed decoder shows better performance than the previously proposed decoders, with considerably
less computational complexity.

The abstract from the paper is the following:

*Depth estimation from a single image is an important task that can be applied to various fields in computer vision, and has grown rapidly with the development of convolutional neural networks. In this paper, we propose a novel structure and training strategy for monocular depth estimation to further improve the prediction accuracy of the network. We deploy a hierarchical transformer encoder to capture and convey the global context, and design a lightweight yet powerful decoder to generate an estimated depth map while considering local connectivity. By constructing connected paths between multi-scale local features and the global decoding stream with our proposed selective feature fusion module, the network can integrate both representations and recover fine details. In addition, the proposed decoder shows better performance than the previously proposed decoders, with considerably less computational complexity. Furthermore, we improve the depth-specific augmentation method by utilizing an important observation in depth estimation to enhance the model. Our network achieves state-of-the-art performance over the challenging depth dataset NYU Depth V2. Extensive experiments have been conducted to validate and show the effectiveness of the proposed approach. Finally, our model shows better generalisation ability and robustness than other comparative models.*

Tips:

- One can use [`GLPNFeatureExtractor`] to prepare images for the model.

<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/glpn_architecture.jpg"
alt="drawing" width="600"/> 

<small> Summary of the approach. Taken from the <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.07436" target="_blank">original paper</a>. </small>

This model was contributed by [niels](<https://huggingface.co/nielsr). The original code can be found [here](https://github.com/vinvino02/GLPDepth).

## GLPNConfig

[[autodoc]] GLPNConfig

## GLPNFeatureExtractor

[[autodoc]] GLPNFeatureExtractor
    - __call__

## GLPNModel

[[autodoc]] GLPNModel
    - forward

## GLPNForDepthEstimation

[[autodoc]] GLPNForDepthEstimation
    - forward

Commit message:

[GLPN] Improve docs (#16331)
* Add link to notebook

* Add link

* Fix bug

Co-authored-by: Niels Rogge <nielsrogge@Nielss-MacBook-Pro.local>

docs/source/model_doc/glpn.mdx, after:

<!--Copyright 2022 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# GLPN

<Tip>

This is a recently introduced model so the API hasn't been tested extensively. There may be some bugs or slight
breaking changes to fix it in the future. If you see something strange, file a [Github Issue](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=bug-report.md&title).

</Tip>

## Overview

The GLPN model was proposed in [Global-Local Path Networks for Monocular Depth Estimation with Vertical CutDepth](https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.07436)  by Doyeon Kim, Woonghyun Ga, Pyungwhan Ahn, Donggyu Joo, Sehwan Chun, Junmo Kim.
GLPN combines [SegFormer](segformer)'s hierarchical mix-Transformer with a lightweight decoder for monocular depth estimation. The proposed decoder shows better performance than the previously proposed decoders, with considerably
less computational complexity.

The abstract from the paper is the following:

*Depth estimation from a single image is an important task that can be applied to various fields in computer vision, and has grown rapidly with the development of convolutional neural networks. In this paper, we propose a novel structure and training strategy for monocular depth estimation to further improve the prediction accuracy of the network. We deploy a hierarchical transformer encoder to capture and convey the global context, and design a lightweight yet powerful decoder to generate an estimated depth map while considering local connectivity. By constructing connected paths between multi-scale local features and the global decoding stream with our proposed selective feature fusion module, the network can integrate both representations and recover fine details. In addition, the proposed decoder shows better performance than the previously proposed decoders, with considerably less computational complexity. Furthermore, we improve the depth-specific augmentation method by utilizing an important observation in depth estimation to enhance the model. Our network achieves state-of-the-art performance over the challenging depth dataset NYU Depth V2. Extensive experiments have been conducted to validate and show the effectiveness of the proposed approach. Finally, our model shows better generalisation ability and robustness than other comparative models.*

Tips:

- A notebook illustrating inference with [`GLPNForDepthEstimation`] can be found [here](https://github.com/NielsRogge/Transformers-Tutorials/blob/master/GLPN/GLPN_inference_(depth_estimation).ipynb).
- One can use [`GLPNFeatureExtractor`] to prepare images for the model.

<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/glpn_architecture.jpg"
alt="drawing" width="600"/> 

<small> Summary of the approach. Taken from the <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.07436" target="_blank">original paper</a>. </small>

This model was contributed by [nielsr](https://huggingface.co/nielsr). The original code can be found [here](https://github.com/vinvino02/GLPDepth).

## GLPNConfig

[[autodoc]] GLPNConfig

## GLPNFeatureExtractor

[[autodoc]] GLPNFeatureExtractor
    - __call__

## GLPNModel

[[autodoc]] GLPNModel
    - forward

## GLPNForDepthEstimation

[[autodoc]] GLPNForDepthEstimation
    - forward
