docs/source/model_doc/transformerxl.rst, before:

Transformer XL
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Overview
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Transformer-XL model was proposed in `Transformer-XL: Attentive Language Models Beyond a Fixed-Length Context
<https://arxiv.org/abs/1901.02860>`__ by Zihang Dai, Zhilin Yang, Yiming Yang, Jaime Carbonell, Quoc V. Le, Ruslan
Salakhutdinov. It's a causal (uni-directional) transformer with relative positioning (sinusoïdal) embeddings which can
reuse previously computed hidden-states to attend to longer context (memory). This model also uses adaptive softmax
inputs and outputs (tied).

The abstract from the paper is the following:

*Transformers have a potential of learning longer-term dependency, but are limited by a fixed-length context in the
setting of language modeling. We propose a novel neural architecture Transformer-XL that enables learning dependency
beyond a fixed length without disrupting temporal coherence. It consists of a segment-level recurrence mechanism and a
novel positional encoding scheme. Our method not only enables capturing longer-term dependency, but also resolves the
context fragmentation problem. As a result, Transformer-XL learns dependency that is 80% longer than RNNs and 450%
longer than vanilla Transformers, achieves better performance on both short and long sequences, and is up to 1,800+
times faster than vanilla Transformers during evaluation. Notably, we improve the state-of-the-art results of
bpc/perplexity to 0.99 on enwiki8, 1.08 on text8, 18.3 on WikiText-103, 21.8 on One Billion Word, and 54.5 on Penn
Treebank (without finetuning). When trained only on WikiText-103, Transformer-XL manages to generate reasonably
coherent, novel text articles with thousands of tokens.*

Tips:

- Transformer-XL uses relative sinusoidal positional embeddings. Padding can be done on the left or on the right. The
  original implementation trains on SQuAD with padding on the left, therefore the padding defaults are set to left.
- Transformer-XL is one of the few models that has no sequence length limit.

The original code can be found `here <https://github.com/kimiyoung/transformer-xl>`__.


TransfoXLConfig
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.TransfoXLConfig
    :members:


TransfoXLTokenizer
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.TransfoXLTokenizer
    :members: save_vocabulary


TransfoXL specific outputs
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.models.transfo_xl.modeling_transfo_xl.TransfoXLModelOutput
    :members:

.. autoclass:: transformers.models.transfo_xl.modeling_transfo_xl.TransfoXLLMHeadModelOutput
    :members:

.. autoclass:: transformers.models.transfo_xl.modeling_tf_transfo_xl.TFTransfoXLModelOutput
    :members:

.. autoclass:: transformers.models.transfo_xl.modeling_tf_transfo_xl.TFTransfoXLLMHeadModelOutput
    :members:


TransfoXLModel
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.TransfoXLModel
    :members: forward


TransfoXLLMHeadModel
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.TransfoXLLMHeadModel
    :members: forward

TransfoXLForSequenceClassification
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.TransfoXLForSequenceClassification
    :members: forward

TFTransfoXLModel
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.TFTransfoXLModel
    :members: call


TFTransfoXLLMHeadModel
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.TFTransfoXLLMHeadModel
    :members: call

Commit message:

Copyright (#8970)
* Add copyright everywhere missing

* Style

docs/source/model_doc/transformerxl.rst, after:

.. 
    Copyright 2020 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
    an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

Transformer XL
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Overview
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Transformer-XL model was proposed in `Transformer-XL: Attentive Language Models Beyond a Fixed-Length Context
<https://arxiv.org/abs/1901.02860>`__ by Zihang Dai, Zhilin Yang, Yiming Yang, Jaime Carbonell, Quoc V. Le, Ruslan
Salakhutdinov. It's a causal (uni-directional) transformer with relative positioning (sinusoïdal) embeddings which can
reuse previously computed hidden-states to attend to longer context (memory). This model also uses adaptive softmax
inputs and outputs (tied).

The abstract from the paper is the following:

*Transformers have a potential of learning longer-term dependency, but are limited by a fixed-length context in the
setting of language modeling. We propose a novel neural architecture Transformer-XL that enables learning dependency
beyond a fixed length without disrupting temporal coherence. It consists of a segment-level recurrence mechanism and a
novel positional encoding scheme. Our method not only enables capturing longer-term dependency, but also resolves the
context fragmentation problem. As a result, Transformer-XL learns dependency that is 80% longer than RNNs and 450%
longer than vanilla Transformers, achieves better performance on both short and long sequences, and is up to 1,800+
times faster than vanilla Transformers during evaluation. Notably, we improve the state-of-the-art results of
bpc/perplexity to 0.99 on enwiki8, 1.08 on text8, 18.3 on WikiText-103, 21.8 on One Billion Word, and 54.5 on Penn
Treebank (without finetuning). When trained only on WikiText-103, Transformer-XL manages to generate reasonably
coherent, novel text articles with thousands of tokens.*

Tips:

- Transformer-XL uses relative sinusoidal positional embeddings. Padding can be done on the left or on the right. The
  original implementation trains on SQuAD with padding on the left, therefore the padding defaults are set to left.
- Transformer-XL is one of the few models that has no sequence length limit.

The original code can be found `here <https://github.com/kimiyoung/transformer-xl>`__.


TransfoXLConfig
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.TransfoXLConfig
    :members:


TransfoXLTokenizer
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.TransfoXLTokenizer
    :members: save_vocabulary


TransfoXL specific outputs
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.models.transfo_xl.modeling_transfo_xl.TransfoXLModelOutput
    :members:

.. autoclass:: transformers.models.transfo_xl.modeling_transfo_xl.TransfoXLLMHeadModelOutput
    :members:

.. autoclass:: transformers.models.transfo_xl.modeling_tf_transfo_xl.TFTransfoXLModelOutput
    :members:

.. autoclass:: transformers.models.transfo_xl.modeling_tf_transfo_xl.TFTransfoXLLMHeadModelOutput
    :members:


TransfoXLModel
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.TransfoXLModel
    :members: forward


TransfoXLLMHeadModel
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.TransfoXLLMHeadModel
    :members: forward

TransfoXLForSequenceClassification
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.TransfoXLForSequenceClassification
    :members: forward

TFTransfoXLModel
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.TFTransfoXLModel
    :members: call


TFTransfoXLLMHeadModel
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.TFTransfoXLLMHeadModel
    :members: call
