docs/source/model_doc/wav2vec2.rst, before:

.. 
    Copyright 2021 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
    an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

Wav2Vec2
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Overview
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Wav2Vec2 model was proposed in `wav2vec 2.0: A Framework for Self-Supervised Learning of Speech Representations
<https://arxiv.org/abs/2006.11477>`__ by Alexei Baevski, Henry Zhou, Abdelrahman Mohamed, Michael Auli.

The abstract from the paper is the following:

*We show for the first time that learning powerful representations from speech audio alone followed by fine-tuning on
transcribed speech can outperform the best semi-supervised methods while being conceptually simpler. wav2vec 2.0 masks
the speech input in the latent space and solves a contrastive task defined over a quantization of the latent
representations which are jointly learned. Experiments using all labeled data of Librispeech achieve 1.8/3.3 WER on the
clean/other test sets. When lowering the amount of labeled data to one hour, wav2vec 2.0 outperforms the previous state
of the art on the 100 hour subset while using 100 times less labeled data. Using just ten minutes of labeled data and
pre-training on 53k hours of unlabeled data still achieves 4.8/8.2 WER. This demonstrates the feasibility of speech
recognition with limited amounts of labeled data.*

Tips:

- Wav2Vec2 is a speech model that accepts a float array corresponding to the raw waveform of the speech signal.
- Wav2Vec2 model was trained using connectionist temporal classification (CTC) so the model output has to be decoded
  using :class:`~transformers.Wav2Vec2CTCTokenizer`.

This model was contributed by `patrickvonplaten <https://huggingface.co/patrickvonplaten>`__.


Wav2Vec2Config
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.Wav2Vec2Config
    :members:


Wav2Vec2CTCTokenizer
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.Wav2Vec2CTCTokenizer
    :members: __call__, save_vocabulary


Wav2Vec2FeatureExtractor
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.Wav2Vec2FeatureExtractor
    :members: __call__


Wav2Vec2Processor
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.Wav2Vec2Processor
    :members: __call__, pad, from_pretrained, save_pretrained, batch_decode, decode, as_target_processor


Wav2Vec2 specific outputs
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.models.wav2vec2.modeling_wav2vec2.Wav2Vec2BaseModelOutput
    :members: 

.. autoclass:: transformers.models.wav2vec2.modeling_wav2vec2.Wav2Vec2ForPreTrainingOutput
    :members: 

.. autoclass:: transformers.models.wav2vec2.modeling_flax_wav2vec2.FlaxWav2Vec2BaseModelOutput
    :members: 

.. autoclass:: transformers.models.wav2vec2.modeling_flax_wav2vec2.FlaxWav2Vec2ForPreTrainingOutput
    :members: 


Wav2Vec2Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.Wav2Vec2Model
    :members: forward


Wav2Vec2ForCTC
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.Wav2Vec2ForCTC
    :members: forward


Wav2Vec2ForSequenceClassification
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.Wav2Vec2ForSequenceClassification
    :members: forward


Wav2Vec2ForPreTraining
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.Wav2Vec2ForPreTraining
    :members: forward


TFWav2Vec2Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.TFWav2Vec2Model
    :members: call


TFWav2Vec2ForCTC
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.TFWav2Vec2ForCTC
    :members: call


FlaxWav2Vec2Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.FlaxWav2Vec2Model
    :members: __call__


FlaxWav2Vec2ForCTC
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.FlaxWav2Vec2ForCTC
    :members: __call__

FlaxWav2Vec2ForPreTraining
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.FlaxWav2Vec2ForPreTraining
    :members: __call__

Commit message:

[Wav2Vec2] PyCTCDecode Integration to support language model boosted decoding (#14339)
* up

* up

* up

* make it cleaner

* correct

* make styhahalal

* add more tests

* finish

* small fix

* make style

* up

* tryout to solve cicrle ci

* up

* fix more tests

* fix more tests

* apply sylvains suggestions

* fix import

* correct docs

* add pyctcdecode only to speech tests

* fix more tests

* add tf, flax and pt tests

* add pt

* fix last tests

* fix more tests

* Apply suggestions from code review

* change lines

* Apply suggestions from code review

Co-authored-by: Anton Lozhkov <aglozhkov@gmail.com>

* correct tests

* correct tests

* add doc string

Co-authored-by: Anton Lozhkov <aglozhkov@gmail.com>

docs/source/model_doc/wav2vec2.rst, after:

.. 
    Copyright 2021 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
    an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

Wav2Vec2
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Overview
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Wav2Vec2 model was proposed in `wav2vec 2.0: A Framework for Self-Supervised Learning of Speech Representations
<https://arxiv.org/abs/2006.11477>`__ by Alexei Baevski, Henry Zhou, Abdelrahman Mohamed, Michael Auli.

The abstract from the paper is the following:

*We show for the first time that learning powerful representations from speech audio alone followed by fine-tuning on
transcribed speech can outperform the best semi-supervised methods while being conceptually simpler. wav2vec 2.0 masks
the speech input in the latent space and solves a contrastive task defined over a quantization of the latent
representations which are jointly learned. Experiments using all labeled data of Librispeech achieve 1.8/3.3 WER on the
clean/other test sets. When lowering the amount of labeled data to one hour, wav2vec 2.0 outperforms the previous state
of the art on the 100 hour subset while using 100 times less labeled data. Using just ten minutes of labeled data and
pre-training on 53k hours of unlabeled data still achieves 4.8/8.2 WER. This demonstrates the feasibility of speech
recognition with limited amounts of labeled data.*

Tips:

- Wav2Vec2 is a speech model that accepts a float array corresponding to the raw waveform of the speech signal.
- Wav2Vec2 model was trained using connectionist temporal classification (CTC) so the model output has to be decoded
  using :class:`~transformers.Wav2Vec2CTCTokenizer`.

This model was contributed by `patrickvonplaten <https://huggingface.co/patrickvonplaten>`__.


Wav2Vec2Config
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.Wav2Vec2Config
    :members:


Wav2Vec2CTCTokenizer
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.Wav2Vec2CTCTokenizer
    :members: __call__, save_vocabulary


Wav2Vec2FeatureExtractor
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.Wav2Vec2FeatureExtractor
    :members: __call__


Wav2Vec2Processor
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.Wav2Vec2Processor
    :members: __call__, pad, from_pretrained, save_pretrained, batch_decode, decode, as_target_processor


Wav2Vec2ProcessorWithLM
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.Wav2Vec2ProcessorWithLM
    :members: __call__, pad, from_pretrained, save_pretrained, batch_decode, decode, as_target_processor


Wav2Vec2 specific outputs
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.models.wav2vec2.processing_wav2vec2_with_lm.Wav2Vec2DecoderWithLMOutput
    :members: 

.. autoclass:: transformers.models.wav2vec2.modeling_wav2vec2.Wav2Vec2BaseModelOutput
    :members: 

.. autoclass:: transformers.models.wav2vec2.modeling_wav2vec2.Wav2Vec2ForPreTrainingOutput
    :members: 

.. autoclass:: transformers.models.wav2vec2.modeling_flax_wav2vec2.FlaxWav2Vec2BaseModelOutput
    :members: 

.. autoclass:: transformers.models.wav2vec2.modeling_flax_wav2vec2.FlaxWav2Vec2ForPreTrainingOutput
    :members: 


Wav2Vec2Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.Wav2Vec2Model
    :members: forward


Wav2Vec2ForCTC
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.Wav2Vec2ForCTC
    :members: forward


Wav2Vec2ForSequenceClassification
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.Wav2Vec2ForSequenceClassification
    :members: forward


Wav2Vec2ForPreTraining
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.Wav2Vec2ForPreTraining
    :members: forward


TFWav2Vec2Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.TFWav2Vec2Model
    :members: call


TFWav2Vec2ForCTC
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.TFWav2Vec2ForCTC
    :members: call


FlaxWav2Vec2Model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.FlaxWav2Vec2Model
    :members: __call__


FlaxWav2Vec2ForCTC
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.FlaxWav2Vec2ForCTC
    :members: __call__

FlaxWav2Vec2ForPreTraining
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: transformers.FlaxWav2Vec2ForPreTraining
    :members: __call__
