examples/tensorflow/multiple-choice/README.md, before:

<!---
Copyright 2020 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
-->

# Multiple Choice

## Fine-tuning on SWAG

```bash
export SWAG_DIR=/path/to/swag_data_dir
python ./examples/multiple-choice/run_tf_multiple_choice.py \
--task_name swag \
--model_name_or_path bert-base-cased \
--do_train \
--do_eval \
--data_dir $SWAG_DIR \
--learning_rate 5e-5 \
--num_train_epochs 3 \
--max_seq_length 80 \
--output_dir models_bert/swag_base \
--per_gpu_eval_batch_size=16 \
--per_device_train_batch_size=16 \
--logging-dir logs \
--gradient_accumulation_steps 2 \
--overwrite_output
```

Commit message:

Add TF multiple choice example (#12865)
* Add new multiple-choice example, remove old one

examples/tensorflow/multiple-choice/README.md, after:

<!---
Copyright 2021 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
-->
# Multiple-choice training (e.g. SWAG)

This folder contains the `run_swag.py` script, showing an examples of *multiple-choice answering* with the 
🤗 Transformers library. For straightforward use-cases you may be able to use these scripts without modification, 
although we have also included comments in the code to indicate areas that you may need to adapt to your own projects.

### Multi-GPU and TPU usage

By default, the script uses a `MirroredStrategy` and will use multiple GPUs effectively if they are available. TPUs
can also be used by passing the name of the TPU resource with the `--tpu` argument.

### Memory usage and data loading

One thing to note is that all data is loaded into memory in this script. Most multiple-choice datasets are small
enough that this is not an issue, but if you have a very large dataset you will need to modify the script to handle
data streaming. This is particularly challenging for TPUs, given the stricter requirements and the sheer volume of data
required to keep them fed. A full explanation of all the possible pitfalls is a bit beyond this example script and 
README, but for more information you can see the 'Input Datasets' section of 
[this document](https://www.tensorflow.org/guide/tpu).

### Example command
```bash
python run_swag.py \
 --model_name_or_path distilbert-base-cased \
 --output_dir output \
 --do_eval \
 --do_train
```
